SELECT photometrically_observed.value FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.value FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies."
(1) What are the values of photometrically observed galaxies?
(2) Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies.
(3) Retrieve the value of all photometrically observed objects that have a description of "Galaxy", defined as an extended object made up of stars and other matter.
(4) Retrieve the value of the photometrically observed data for objects that are described as galaxies.
(5) Retrieve the value of the photometrically observed column from the photo_type table where the description is "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
(6) "Retrieve the value from the photo_type table where the description is 'Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter'."
(7) Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies.


Re-ranked choices:
11.919  Retrieve the value of the photometrically observed column from the photo_type table where the description is "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
9.825  "Retrieve the value from the photo_type table where the description is 'Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter'."
9.821  Retrieve the value of all photometrically observed objects that have a description of "Galaxy", defined as an extended object made up of stars and other matter.
4.924  "Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies."
4.924  Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies.
4.924  Retrieve the value of the photometrically observed data for objects that are described as galaxies.
3.524  What are the values of photometrically observed galaxies?
3.524  Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are described as galaxies.

