SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.value = 9

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.value = 9
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the names of all photometric types where the value is equal to 9 and the type is observed photometrically."
(1) What is the name of the type of photo where its value is 9 in the photometrically observed column?
(2) Show the names of all objects that have been observed using photometric techniques with a value of 9.
(3) Retrieve the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value of 9.
(4) What are the names of all the objects that have a photometric type value of 9?
(5) What is the name of all objects in the "photo_type" table that have a value of 9 for the column "value" and are classified as photometrically observed?
(6) Find the names of objects in a table called "photo_type" where the value is 9 for the column labeled "photometrically_observed".
(7) "Retrieve the names of all photo types where the value is equal to 9 and they are photometrically observed."


Re-ranked choices:
5.632  What is the name of the type of photo where its value is 9 in the photometrically observed column?
4.222  What is the name of all objects in the "photo_type" table that have a value of 9 for the column "value" and are classified as photometrically observed?
2.837  Show the names of all objects that have been observed using photometric techniques with a value of 9.
2.829  "Retrieve the names of all photo types where the value is equal to 9 and they are photometrically observed."
2.827  "Retrieve the names of all photometric types where the value is equal to 9 and the type is observed photometrically."
2.124  Find the names of objects in a table called "photo_type" where the value is 9 for the column labeled "photometrically_observed".
1.450  What are the names of all the objects that have a photometric type value of 9?
1.434  Retrieve the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value of 9.

