SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighborobjid FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects WHERE Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighborobjid FROM neighbors AS T1 WHERE T1.neighbortype = 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Select the object IDs of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the neighbor type is 0."
(1) Get the neighbor object ID from the nearest neighbor objects table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.
(2) Get the IDs of all objects that are nearest neighbors and have a neighbor type of 0 from the neighbors table.
(3) "Retrieve the neighborobjid from the nearest_neighbour_objects where neighbortype is equal to 0."
(4) Get the neighborobjid from Nearest_neighbour_objects where neighbortype is equal to 0.
(5) Get the neighborobjid for objects that are nearest neighbours with neighbortype 0 from the neighbors table.
(6) Find the object IDs of all nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.
(7) Find the object IDs of all nearest neighbor objects from the "neighbors" table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.


Re-ranked choices:
7.036  Get the neighbor object ID from the nearest neighbor objects table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.
5.638  Find the object IDs of all nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.
5.638  Find the object IDs of all nearest neighbor objects from the "neighbors" table where the neighbor type is equal to 0.
5.637  "Select the object IDs of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the neighbor type is 0."
4.238  Get the IDs of all objects that are nearest neighbors and have a neighbor type of 0 from the neighbors table.
1.426  Get the neighborobjid for objects that are nearest neighbours with neighbortype 0 from the neighbors table.
0.732  Get the neighborobjid from Nearest_neighbour_objects where neighbortype is equal to 0.
0.727  "Retrieve the neighborobjid from the nearest_neighbour_objects where neighbortype is equal to 0."

