SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.value = 4

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.value = 4
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the description of all photometrically observed objects with a value of 4 in the photo_type table?
(1) "What is the description for the photo type that has a value of 4 and is photometrically observed?"
(2) Retrieve the description from the photo_type table where the value is equal to 4 for photometrically observed images.
(3) "Retrieve the description from the photometrically_observed table for photo types where the value is equal to 4."
(4) What is the description for photo types with a value of 4 that have been observed photometrically?
(5) Retrieve the description from the photo_type table for values that are equal to 4 in the value column and are labeled as "photometrically observed".
(6) "What is the description of photometrically observed photo types with a value of 4?"
(7) "Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the value is equal to 4."


Re-ranked choices:
5.630  "What is the description of photometrically observed photo types with a value of 4?"
5.628  "Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the value is equal to 4."
5.626  What is the description of all photometrically observed objects with a value of 4 in the photo_type table?
5.624  Retrieve the description from the photo_type table where the value is equal to 4 for photometrically observed images.
5.622  Retrieve the description from the photo_type table for values that are equal to 4 in the value column and are labeled as "photometrically observed".
4.230  What is the description for photo types with a value of 4 that have been observed photometrically?
4.229  "What is the description for the photo type that has a value of 4 and is photometrically observed?"
3.527  "Retrieve the description from the photometrically_observed table for photo types where the value is equal to 4."

