SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the name of all the photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)"?
(1) Retrieve the names of all objects observed photometrically with blank sky spectrograms.
(2) What are the names of the photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."?
(3) What are the names of objects that have been photometrically observed in a blank sky spectrogram (with no objects in the arcsecond area)?
(4) Retrieve the names of objects from the photometrically observed photo type where the description is "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."
(5) Which objects have been observed photometrically in a blank sky spectrogram (with no objects in the area of one arcsecond)?
(6) Retrieve the names of all objects observed photometrically with a blank sky spectrogram and no objects within one arcsecond area.
(7) Find the names of all photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".


Re-ranked choices:
9.821  Retrieve the names of objects from the photometrically observed photo type where the description is "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."
9.130  What is the name of all the photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)"?
7.729  Find the names of all photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".
7.031  What are the names of the photo types that have a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."?
6.325  What are the names of objects that have been photometrically observed in a blank sky spectrogram (with no objects in the arcsecond area)?
6.323  Retrieve the names of all objects observed photometrically with a blank sky spectrogram and no objects within one arcsecond area.
5.625  Which objects have been observed photometrically in a blank sky spectrogram (with no objects in the area of one arcsecond)?
4.929  Retrieve the names of all objects observed photometrically with blank sky spectrograms.

