SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the names of all stars from the table "photo_type" where the description is "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
(1) Get the names of all photometrically observed objects that are described as stars, which are self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
(2) Retrieve the name of any celestial body that is described as a star and has been observed using photometric techniques.
(3) What are the names of all objects that have been observed as stars?
(4) Return the name of all celestial bodies that are considered stars.
(5) "Retrieve the names of stars from the photo_type table that are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies."
(6) What are the names of stars that have been observed photometrically?
(7) Find the names of all objects that have a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body.".


Re-ranked choices:
4.934  Find the names of all objects that have a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body.".
4.930  Retrieve the name of any celestial body that is described as a star and has been observed using photometric techniques.
4.927  Retrieve the names of all stars from the table "photo_type" where the description is "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
4.925  Get the names of all photometrically observed objects that are described as stars, which are self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
2.147  Return the name of all celestial bodies that are considered stars.
2.130  "Retrieve the names of stars from the photo_type table that are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies."
1.483  What are the names of all objects that have been observed as stars?
1.447  What are the names of stars that have been observed photometrically?

