SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed JOIN neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects ON photometrically_observed.value = Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype WHERE Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode = 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 JOIN neighbors AS T2 ON T1.value = T2.neighbortype WHERE T2.mode = 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the descriptions of all photo types for objects that are the nearest neighbors and have been photometrically observed.
(1) Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed objects from the neighbor type table where the mode is equal to 1.
(2) Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed photo type for the nearest neighbor objects that have a mode value of 1 in the neighbors table.
(3) Find the description for photometrically observed objects that have a neighbor of type "nearest neighbor" with a mode value of 1.
(4) Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a table containing different types of observations, only for those objects which are considered nearest neighbors in another table and have a mode value of 1.
(5) Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a table of different types of photographs, where the value in that table matches the neighbor type of the nearest neighbor object in a separate table, and where the mode in that separate table is equal to 1.
(6) Find the description of the photometrically observed objects that are the nearest neighbors with a mode of 1.
(7) What is the description for the type of photometrically observed photos of nearest neighbor objects that are in mode 1?


Re-ranked choices:
12.626  Find the description for photometrically observed objects that have a neighbor of type "nearest neighbor" with a mode value of 1.
12.623  Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed photo type for the nearest neighbor objects that have a mode value of 1 in the neighbors table.
12.614  Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a table of different types of photographs, where the value in that table matches the neighbor type of the nearest neighbor object in a separate table, and where the mode in that separate table is equal to 1.
11.227  Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed objects from the neighbor type table where the mode is equal to 1.
11.227  What is the description for the type of photometrically observed photos of nearest neighbor objects that are in mode 1?
9.816  Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a table containing different types of observations, only for those objects which are considered nearest neighbors in another table and have a mode value of 1.
8.429  Find the description of the photometrically observed objects that are the nearest neighbors with a mode of 1.
4.228  Get the descriptions of all photo types for objects that are the nearest neighbors and have been photometrically observed.

