SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed JOIN neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects ON photometrically_observed.value = Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype WHERE Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = 3

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 JOIN neighbors AS T2 ON T1.value = T2.neighbortype WHERE T2.neighbortype = 3
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from the photo_type table, where the neighbor type is equal to 3 in the neighbors table.
(1) Find the description of objects that have been photometrically observed and are also listed as nearest neighbors in the "neighbors" table with a neighbortype value of 3.
(2) Find the description for objects that have been photometrically observed and are also the nearest neighbors with a neighbor type of 3.
(3) Retrieve the description of all objects that have been observed photometrically and are also classified as nearest neighbor type 3.
(4) Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a list of neighbors where the neighbor type is 3.
(5) What is the description of all photo types that have a value matching the neighbor type in the neighbors table, specifically with a neighbor type equal to 3?
(6) Find the description of photometrically observed objects that have a neighbor type value of 3 in the neighbors table.
(7) Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed objects that are also classified as nearest neighbor type 3.


Re-ranked choices:
9.825  Find the description of photometrically observed objects that have a neighbor type value of 3 in the neighbors table.
8.426  Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from a list of neighbors where the neighbor type is 3.
8.425  Find the description for objects that have been photometrically observed and are also the nearest neighbors with a neighbor type of 3.
8.422  Retrieve the description of photometrically observed objects from the photo_type table, where the neighbor type is equal to 3 in the neighbors table.
8.422  Retrieve the description of all objects that have been observed photometrically and are also classified as nearest neighbor type 3.
8.422  Retrieve the description of the photometrically observed objects that are also classified as nearest neighbor type 3.
7.020  Find the description of objects that have been photometrically observed and are also listed as nearest neighbors in the "neighbors" table with a neighbortype value of 3.
5.625  What is the description of all photo types that have a value matching the neighbor type in the neighbors table, specifically with a neighbor type equal to 3?

