SELECT Photometric_objects.run FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Photometric_objects.type = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "NotAType:"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.run FROM photoobj AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.type = T2.value WHERE T2.description = "NotAType:"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the run value from the photoobj table for objects that have been observed photometrically and are not classified as any specific type.
(1) Find the run from the Photometric_objects table where the type is equal to "NotAType:" as described in the photometrically_observed table.
(2) Find the run of Photometric objects where the type is equal to "NotAType:".
(3) Retrieve the name of the run from all photometric objects that have a type that is not classified as any particular type.
(4) Find the runs from photometric objects where the description for the type is "NotAType:".
(5) Get the name of the run from the photoobj table for photometric objects where type is equal to the value associated with photometrically observed and the description is "NotAType:".
(6) Find the run values from the photoobj table for objects that were photometrically observed and whose type is not a specified type.
(7) Retrieve the run number from the photoobj table for objects that have a type of "NotAType" according to the photometrically_observed table.


Re-ranked choices:
10.517  Get the name of the run from the photoobj table for photometric objects where type is equal to the value associated with photometrically observed and the description is "NotAType:".
7.026  Find the run values from the photoobj table for objects that were photometrically observed and whose type is not a specified type.
7.023  Find the run value from the photoobj table for objects that have been observed photometrically and are not classified as any specific type.
6.320  Retrieve the run number from the photoobj table for objects that have a type of "NotAType" according to the photometrically_observed table.
4.943  Find the run of Photometric objects where the type is equal to "NotAType:".
4.935  Find the runs from photometric objects where the description for the type is "NotAType:".
4.923  Find the run from the Photometric_objects table where the type is equal to "NotAType:" as described in the photometrically_observed table.
4.228  Retrieve the name of the run from all photometric objects that have a type that is not classified as any particular type.

