SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.mode FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.description = "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were not used and created by reflected or refracted light?
(1) What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were photometrically observed as ghosts, which are objects created by reflected or refracted light and not used?
(2) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is equal to "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
(3) What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were observed photometrically and described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"?
(4) Retrieve the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that are photometrically observed as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light (not used)".
(5) Retrieve the mode value from the neighbors table where the neighbortype matches the value of photometrically_observed in the photo_type table, which is described as a ghost object created by reflected or refracted light.
(6) Retrieve the mode of nearest neighbor objects that have a type described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light" from the neighbors table.
(7) Get the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".


Re-ranked choices:
14.722  Retrieve the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that are photometrically observed as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light (not used)".
14.021  What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were observed photometrically and described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"?
12.628  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is equal to "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
12.627  Get the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
11.923  Retrieve the mode of nearest neighbor objects that have a type described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light" from the neighbors table.
11.922  What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were photometrically observed as ghosts, which are objects created by reflected or refracted light and not used?
8.430  What is the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were not used and created by reflected or refracted light?
8.416  Retrieve the mode value from the neighbors table where the neighbortype matches the value of photometrically_observed in the photo_type table, which is described as a ghost object created by reflected or refracted light.

