SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photoobj AS Photometric_objects ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid = Photometric_objects.objid WHERE Photometric_objects.type = 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photoobj AS T2 ON T1.objid = T2.objid WHERE T2.type = 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the nearest neighbor type for objects that are photometric and have a type of 0.
(1) Find the type of the nearest neighbor objects from the photoobj table where the type is equal to 0.
(2) Retrieve the neighbor type of objects closest to a photo object that has a type value of 0, by joining the neighbors and photoobj tables and selecting the neighbortype column from the Nearest_neighbour_objects table.
(3) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour objects from the neighbor table, for all objects in the photoobj table that have a type value of 0.
(4) Find the type of nearest neighbors for all objects that have a type of 0 in the photoobj table, using information from the neighbors table.
(5) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that are associated with photometric objects where the type is equal to 0.
(6) Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects from a table that joins neighbors and photoobj on the object ID, where the type of objects in photoobj is equal to 0.
(7) "Select the neighbor type of objects that are the nearest neighbors to objects classified as photometric with a type of 0."


Re-ranked choices:
6.322  Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects from a table that joins neighbors and photoobj on the object ID, where the type of objects in photoobj is equal to 0.
6.315  Retrieve the neighbor type of objects closest to a photo object that has a type value of 0, by joining the neighbors and photoobj tables and selecting the neighbortype column from the Nearest_neighbour_objects table.
5.623  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour objects from the neighbor table, for all objects in the photoobj table that have a type value of 0.
4.242  Find the nearest neighbor type for objects that are photometric and have a type of 0.
4.237  Find the type of the nearest neighbor objects from the photoobj table where the type is equal to 0.
4.229  "Select the neighbor type of objects that are the nearest neighbors to objects classified as photometric with a type of 0."
4.227  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that are associated with photometric objects where the type is equal to 0.
2.826  Find the type of nearest neighbors for all objects that have a type of 0 in the photoobj table, using information from the neighbors table.

