SELECT Photometric_objects.flags, count(*) FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects  GROUP BY Photometric_objects.flags

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.flags, count(*) FROM photoobj AS T1  GROUP BY T1.flags
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of photometric objects and group them by their flags.
(1) "Count the number of objects in the photoobj table grouped by their respective flags and display both the flag and its corresponding count."
(2) Count the number of objects and their flags from the photoobj table grouped by their respective flags.
(3) Count the number of objects in the "photoobj" table grouped by their flags and show the total count for each unique flag.
(4) Count the number of objects and their corresponding flags from the photoobj table grouped by each unique flag.
(5) How many objects have each flag value in the "flags" column from the photoobj table, grouped by their respective flags?
(6) Count the number of objects with their respective flags from the photoobj table and group them based on their flags.
(7) What is the count of all photo objects grouped by their flags?


Re-ranked choices:
3.591  What is the count of all photo objects grouped by their flags?
3.537  Count the number of objects in the "photoobj" table grouped by their flags and show the total count for each unique flag.
3.535  Count the number of objects and their flags from the photoobj table grouped by their respective flags.
3.533  Count the number of objects and their corresponding flags from the photoobj table grouped by each unique flag.
3.531  How many objects have each flag value in the "flags" column from the photoobj table, grouped by their respective flags?
3.528  "Count the number of objects in the photoobj table grouped by their respective flags and display both the flag and its corresponding count."
2.835  Count the number of objects with their respective flags from the photoobj table and group them based on their flags.
2.154  Count the number of photometric objects and group them by their flags.

