SELECT photometrically_observed.description, count(*) FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed  GROUP BY photometrically_observed.description

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description, count(*) FROM photo_type AS T1  GROUP BY T1.description
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of photo types and their corresponding descriptions in the "photometrically_observed" table.
(1) How many records are there in the photo_type table grouped by the description column and displayed with a count for each unique description?
(2) How many times has each description of photometrically observed been counted in the photo_type table?
(3) How many times has each type of photometrically observed object been recorded and what is its description?
(4) How many photometrically observed types are there and how many observations have been made for each type?
(5) What is the count of each unique description from the table "photo_type" and group them based on their description in ascending order?
(6) How many observations have been made for each type of photometrically observed data, along with a description of each type?
(7) How many photo types have a corresponding description and how many observations correspond to each type, grouped by the description of the observation?


Re-ranked choices:
4.227  How many observations have been made for each type of photometrically observed data, along with a description of each type?
4.226  How many times has each description of photometrically observed been counted in the photo_type table?
2.834  How many photometrically observed types are there and how many observations have been made for each type?
2.828  How many times has each type of photometrically observed object been recorded and what is its description?
2.130  How many records are there in the photo_type table grouped by the description column and displayed with a count for each unique description?
2.122  How many photo types have a corresponding description and how many observations correspond to each type, grouped by the description of the observation?
1.428  What is the count of each unique description from the table "photo_type" and group them based on their description in ascending order?
0.722  Count the number of photo types and their corresponding descriptions in the "photometrically_observed" table.

