SELECT Photometric_objects.colc, count(*) FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects  GROUP BY Photometric_objects.colc

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.colc, count(*) FROM photoobj AS T1  GROUP BY T1.colc
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of entries in the "photoobj" table grouped by the values in the "colc" column, and display each value along with its corresponding count.
(1) Count the number of photo objects grouped by their "colc" attribute.
(2) Get the count of records in the table "photoobj" grouped by the value of the column "colc".
(3) How many Photometric objects have a colc value and what is the total count for each unique colc value?
(4) Count the number of objects and group them by their color column from the table "photoobj" as "Photometric_objects".
(5) "How many objects are there in the table of photometric data and what is the total count for each unique colc value?"
(6) Count the number of objects in the photoobj table and group them by their colc value, displaying the colc value and its corresponding count.
(7) Count the number of records in the table "photoobj" grouped by their values in the column "colc", and display the results along with the corresponding value from that column.


Re-ranked choices:
4.227  Count the number of objects and group them by their color column from the table "photoobj" as "Photometric_objects".
2.148  Count the number of photo objects grouped by their "colc" attribute.
2.142  Get the count of records in the table "photoobj" grouped by the value of the column "colc".
2.121  Count the number of records in the table "photoobj" grouped by their values in the column "colc", and display the results along with the corresponding value from that column.
2.121  Count the number of objects in the photoobj table and group them by their colc value, displaying the colc value and its corresponding count.
1.429  "How many objects are there in the table of photometric data and what is the total count for each unique colc value?"
1.427  How many Photometric objects have a colc value and what is the total count for each unique colc value?
0.723  Count the number of entries in the "photoobj" table grouped by the values in the "colc" column, and display each value along with its corresponding count.

