SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.zwarning, count(*) FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects  GROUP BY Spectroscopic_objects.zwarning

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.zwarning, count(*) FROM specobj AS T1  GROUP BY T1.zwarning
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of occurrences of each value in the zwarning column for all records in the specobj table and group them together by their zwarning values.
(1) Count the number of objects with unique zwarning values in the Spectroscopic_objects table from the specobj database.
(2) Count the number of objects in the specobj table grouped by their zwarning value.
(3) Count the number of objects in the specobj table grouped by their respective zwarning values.
(4) Count the number of objects and group them by their zwarning in the table specobj.
(5) Count the number of objects and group them by their redshift warning in the spectroscopic database.
(6) Count the number of objects with their corresponding zwarning from the Spectroscopic_objects table in the specobj database.
(7) What is the count of records for each unique zwarning value in the Spectroscopic_objects table?


Re-ranked choices:
4.936  Count the number of objects and group them by their redshift warning in the spectroscopic database.
2.139  Count the number of objects and group them by their zwarning in the table specobj.
2.136  Count the number of objects in the specobj table grouped by their zwarning value.
2.130  Count the number of objects in the specobj table grouped by their respective zwarning values.
2.125  Count the number of objects with unique zwarning values in the Spectroscopic_objects table from the specobj database.
2.123  Count the number of objects with their corresponding zwarning from the Spectroscopic_objects table in the specobj database.
0.733  What is the count of records for each unique zwarning value in the Spectroscopic_objects table?
0.721  Count the number of occurrences of each value in the zwarning column for all records in the specobj table and group them together by their zwarning values.

