SELECT Photometric_objects.b, count(*) FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects  GROUP BY Photometric_objects.b

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.b, count(*) FROM photoobj AS T1  GROUP BY T1.b
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of records in the photoobj table grouped by the b column and display the value of b along with the corresponding count.
(1) What is the number of occurrences for each unique value in the column "b" of the table "photoobj"?
(2) What is the count of b for each Photometric object in the photoobj table?
(3) What is the number of photometric objects grouped by their "b" values in the photoobj table?
(4) Get the count of rows in the "photoobj" table grouped by the values in the "b" column, from a table called "Photometric_objects".
(5) What is the count of objects in the "photoobj" table grouped by their value in column "b" in the table "Photometric_objects"?
(6) Count the number of objects with a specific b value from the table photoobj and group them based on their b values, returning both the b value and the count.
(7) Count the number of objects in the "photoobj" table and group them by their "b" value, returning the value of "b" and the count for each distinct value.


Re-ranked choices:
2.827  What is the count of objects in the "photoobj" table grouped by their value in column "b" in the table "Photometric_objects"?
2.132  What is the number of photometric objects grouped by their "b" values in the photoobj table?
2.123  Count the number of objects in the "photoobj" table and group them by their "b" value, returning the value of "b" and the count for each distinct value.
1.429  Get the count of rows in the "photoobj" table grouped by the values in the "b" column, from a table called "Photometric_objects".
1.422  Count the number of objects with a specific b value from the table photoobj and group them based on their b values, returning both the b value and the count.
0.726  Count the number of records in the photoobj table grouped by the b column and display the value of b along with the corresponding count.
0.041  What is the count of b for each Photometric object in the photoobj table?
0.033  What is the number of occurrences for each unique value in the column "b" of the table "photoobj"?

