SELECT Photometric_objects.mjd, count(*) FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects  GROUP BY Photometric_objects.mjd

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.mjd, count(*) FROM photoobj AS T1  GROUP BY T1.mjd
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the number of objects in the photoobj table grouped by mjd and list the mjd value and corresponding count for each group.
(1) How many rows are there in the photoobj table grouped by mjd, and what is the count for each distinct value of mjd?
(2) "Count the number of records in the table 'photoobj' grouped by their MJD values, and retrieve the MJD value and its corresponding count."
(3) Count the number of photometric objects for each distinct Modified Julian Date and group them by their respective Modified Julian Dates.
(4) How many photometric objects were observed on each mjd (modified Julian date)?
(5) What is the count of photometric objects for each unique modified Julian date (mjd)?
(6) Find the number of photometric objects for each MJD value and group them by MJD.
(7) "Count the number of objects observed on each unique Modified Julian Date (MJD) in the photoobj table, and group the results by MJD."


Re-ranked choices:
4.928  "Count the number of objects observed on each unique Modified Julian Date (MJD) in the photoobj table, and group the results by MJD."
4.924  Count the number of photometric objects for each distinct Modified Julian Date and group them by their respective Modified Julian Dates.
4.235  What is the count of photometric objects for each unique modified Julian date (mjd)?
2.144  Find the number of photometric objects for each MJD value and group them by MJD.
2.126  Find the number of objects in the photoobj table grouped by mjd and list the mjd value and corresponding count for each group.
1.429  How many photometric objects were observed on each mjd (modified Julian date)?
0.729  How many rows are there in the photoobj table grouped by mjd, and what is the count for each distinct value of mjd?
0.728  "Count the number of records in the table 'photoobj' grouped by their MJD values, and retrieve the MJD value and its corresponding count."

