SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance, count(*) FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects  GROUP BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.distance, count(*) FROM neighbors AS T1  GROUP BY T1.distance
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the number of objects and their respective distances in the "Nearest_neighbour_objects" table, grouped by distance?
(1) How many nearest neighbor objects are there for each distance, and what is the count for each distance?
(2) Find the distance and count of objects that are nearest neighbours, grouped by their distance.
(3) Count the number of objects for each distance value from the table "neighbors" and group them by their respective distances.
(4) How many rows are there in the "neighbors" table when grouped by distance and counting the number of occurrences for each distance?
(5) Find the distance and count the number of occurrences for all nearest neighbor objects in the table "neighbors".
(6) Find the number of objects and their corresponding distances from the nearest neighbors, grouped by distance.
(7) Find the distance and count the number of objects for each nearest neighbor in the neighbors table.


Re-ranked choices:
7.039  Find the distance and count the number of objects for each nearest neighbor in the neighbors table.
7.033  Find the distance and count the number of occurrences for all nearest neighbor objects in the table "neighbors".
6.345  Find the distance and count of objects that are nearest neighbours, grouped by their distance.
6.330  Count the number of objects for each distance value from the table "neighbors" and group them by their respective distances.
5.644  How many nearest neighbor objects are there for each distance, and what is the count for each distance?
5.628  What is the number of objects and their respective distances in the "Nearest_neighbour_objects" table, grouped by distance?
4.932  How many rows are there in the "neighbors" table when grouped by distance and counting the number of occurrences for each distance?
4.932  Find the number of objects and their corresponding distances from the nearest neighbors, grouped by distance.

