SELECT Emission_line_estimates.specobjid, count(*) FROM galspecline AS Emission_line_estimates  GROUP BY Emission_line_estimates.specobjid

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.specobjid, count(*) FROM galspecline AS T1  GROUP BY T1.specobjid
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the specobjid and count the number of occurrences for each unique specobjid from the galspecline table in the Emission_line_estimates database.
(1) Count the number of emission lines for each unique specobjid in the galspecline table.
(2) Find the number of emission line estimates for each unique specobjid in the galspecline table.
(3) Count the number of occurrences for each specobjid in the galspecline table and group them by specobjid.
(4) Count the number of rows for each unique specobjid in the table galspecline and group them by specobjid.
(5) Find the number of emission lines for each unique specobjid from the galspecline table and group them by specobjid.
(6) "Retrieve the number of emission line estimates for each specobjid in the galspecline table."
(7) Count the number of emission lines for each specobjid in the table galspecline and group the results by specobjid.


Re-ranked choices:
2.830  Find the number of emission line estimates for each unique specobjid in the galspecline table.
2.828  "Retrieve the number of emission line estimates for each specobjid in the galspecline table."
0.731  Count the number of rows for each unique specobjid in the table galspecline and group them by specobjid.
0.729  Find the number of emission lines for each unique specobjid from the galspecline table and group them by specobjid.
0.728  Count the number of occurrences for each specobjid in the galspecline table and group them by specobjid.
0.727  Count the number of emission lines for each specobjid in the table galspecline and group the results by specobjid.
0.721  Retrieve the specobjid and count the number of occurrences for each unique specobjid from the galspecline table in the Emission_line_estimates database.
0.036  Count the number of emission lines for each unique specobjid in the galspecline table.

