SELECT Stellar_spectal_line_indices.specobjid, count(*) FROM spplines AS Stellar_spectal_line_indices  GROUP BY Stellar_spectal_line_indices.specobjid

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.specobjid, count(*) FROM spplines AS T1  GROUP BY T1.specobjid
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of spectral lines for each unique spectroscopic object identifier in the "spplines" table and group the results by spectroscopic object identifier.
(1) Count the number of spectral lines for each specific object and display the specobjid along with the total count.
(2) Count the number of spectral line indices for each unique specobjid in the Stellar_spectal_line_indices table.
(3) Find the count of all spectral line indices for each unique specobjid in the table spplines, and group the results by specobjid.
(4) Count the number of spectral lines for each unique specobjid and group them by specobjid.
(5) Retrieve the spectral object identification and the count of spectral lines for each object from the spplines table, grouped by the spectral object identification.
(6) Retrieve the number of spectral line indices for each unique specobjid from the spplines table and group them together by specobjid.
(7) Count the number of stellar spectral line indices for each unique specobjid value in the spplines table.


Re-ranked choices:
3.530  Count the number of spectral line indices for each unique specobjid in the Stellar_spectal_line_indices table.
3.527  Find the count of all spectral line indices for each unique specobjid in the table spplines, and group the results by specobjid.
3.523  Retrieve the number of spectral line indices for each unique specobjid from the spplines table and group them together by specobjid.
3.519  Count the number of spectral lines for each unique spectroscopic object identifier in the "spplines" table and group the results by spectroscopic object identifier.
2.828  Count the number of stellar spectral line indices for each unique specobjid value in the spplines table.
2.120  Retrieve the spectral object identification and the count of spectral lines for each object from the spplines table, grouped by the spectral object identification.
1.432  Count the number of spectral lines for each specific object and display the specobjid along with the total count.
0.739  Count the number of spectral lines for each unique specobjid and group them by specobjid.

