SELECT count(*) FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many satellite, asteroid, or meteor trails have been observed photometrically and are currently not being used in the photo_type table?
(1) How many entries are there in the "photo_type" table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"?
(2) How many observations have been made of objects such as satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails that are labeled as "Trail" in the photometrically_observed table?
(3) How many records are in the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"?
(4) How many objects have been photometrically observed and described as a trail (i.e. a satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail) that has not yet been used?
(5) How many photos have been taken of trails, such as satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails, that have not yet been used?
(6) How many photo types have a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)" in the table photometrically_observed?
(7) How many items are in the photo_type table that have a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)" under the column photometrically_observed?


Re-ranked choices:
7.056  How many records are in the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"?
7.044  How many entries are there in the "photo_type" table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"?
7.034  How many items are in the photo_type table that have a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)" under the column photometrically_observed?
7.033  How many photo types have a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)" in the table photometrically_observed?
5.643  How many objects have been photometrically observed and described as a trail (i.e. a satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail) that has not yet been used?
3.522  How many satellite, asteroid, or meteor trails have been observed photometrically and are currently not being used in the photo_type table?
2.122  How many observations have been made of objects such as satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails that are labeled as "Trail" in the photometrically_observed table?
1.438  How many photos have been taken of trails, such as satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails, that have not yet been used?

