SELECT count(*) FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog). (not yet used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog). (not yet used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many photometrically observed objects in the photo_type table have a description of "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog)" that is not currently being used?
(1) How many objects have been photometrically observed that were not from the SDSS catalog?
(2) How many objects have been photometrically observed and are described as coming from a catalog other than the SDSS catalog?
(3) How many photometrically observed objects are classified as "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog)"?
(4) How many objects in the photo_type table are marked as being known objects that came from a catalog other than SDSS and have not yet been used?
(5) How many photo types in the photometrically observed category have a description of "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog). (not yet used)"?
(6) How many objects are in the photo_type table that were observed photometrically and came from a catalog other than SDSS, but have not yet been used?
(7) How many objects have been photometrically observed and are known to have come from a catalog other than the SDSS catalog, but this information has not yet been utilized?


Re-ranked choices:
11.928  How many photo types in the photometrically observed category have a description of "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog). (not yet used)"?
11.217  How many photometrically observed objects in the photo_type table have a description of "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog)" that is not currently being used?
9.821  How many photometrically observed objects are classified as "KnownObject: Object came from some other catalog (not the SDSS catalog)"?
6.324  How many objects are in the photo_type table that were observed photometrically and came from a catalog other than SDSS, but have not yet been used?
6.321  How many objects have been photometrically observed and are known to have come from a catalog other than the SDSS catalog, but this information has not yet been utilized?
5.624  How many objects have been photometrically observed and are described as coming from a catalog other than the SDSS catalog?
4.234  How many objects have been photometrically observed that were not from the SDSS catalog?
4.229  How many objects in the photo_type table are marked as being known objects that came from a catalog other than SDSS and have not yet been used?

