SELECT Photometric_objects.g FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.mode DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.g FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.mode DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the value of the column "g" from the table "photoobj" and sort it in descending order based on the mode, then only return one result.
(1) Retrieve the g-value from the photoobj table for Photometric_objects, sorted in descending order by mode and limit to 1 result.
(2) Retrieve the 'g' column from the photoobj table sorted in descending order by the mode column, with a limit of 1.
(3) "Get the mode of the 'g' column from the table 'photoobj', sorting by descending order and limiting to 1 result."
(4) Retrieve the value in the "g" column from the table "photoobj", aliasing it as "Photometric_objects", and order the results in descending mode, returning only the top result.
(5) "Get the value of 'g' from the 'photoobj' table, selecting only objects with a descending order based on their mode and limit the result to 1."
(6) Retrieve the value of the 'g' column for the photometric object with the highest mode, sorted in descending order, from the photoobj table.
(7) Find the value of 'g' for the photo object with the highest mode, in descending order.


Re-ranked choices:
5.623  "Get the value of 'g' from the 'photoobj' table, selecting only objects with a descending order based on their mode and limit the result to 1."
4.928  "Get the mode of the 'g' column from the table 'photoobj', sorting by descending order and limiting to 1 result."
4.927  Retrieve the 'g' column from the photoobj table sorted in descending order by the mode column, with a limit of 1.
4.223  Retrieve the value of the 'g' column for the photometric object with the highest mode, sorted in descending order, from the photoobj table.
2.842  Find the value of 'g' for the photo object with the highest mode, in descending order.
2.825  Get the value of the column "g" from the table "photoobj" and sort it in descending order based on the mode, then only return one result.
2.123  Retrieve the g-value from the photoobj table for Photometric_objects, sorted in descending order by mode and limit to 1 result.
2.119  Retrieve the value in the "g" column from the table "photoobj", aliasing it as "Photometric_objects", and order the results in descending mode, returning only the top result.

