SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.type FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.type FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.distance DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the type of the nearest neighbor object by selecting it from the neighbors table and ordering the results by distance in descending order, limiting to only 1 result.
(1) Select the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors" and order it in descending order by distance, limiting to one result.
(2) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors" sorted in descending order by distance and limited to one result.
(3) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors" by ordering the objects in descending order based on their distance and limiting the result to only one entry.
(4) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordered by distance in descending order and limit to only one result.
(5) "Find the type of the nearest neighbour object, ordered by distance in descending order, and limit the result to one."
(6) Find the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors" in descending order by distance and limit the result to 1.
(7) "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the 'neighbors' table, ordered by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result."


Re-ranked choices:
10.519  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors" by ordering the objects in descending order based on their distance and limiting the result to only one entry.
9.127  Find the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors" in descending order by distance and limit the result to 1.
9.124  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors" sorted in descending order by distance and limited to one result.
9.124  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordered by distance in descending order and limit to only one result.
9.121  Find the type of the nearest neighbor object by selecting it from the neighbors table and ordering the results by distance in descending order, limiting to only 1 result.
7.728  "Find the type of the nearest neighbour object, ordered by distance in descending order, and limit the result to one."
7.726  "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the 'neighbors' table, ordered by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result."
7.724  Select the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors" and order it in descending order by distance, limiting to one result.

