SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.mode FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.neighbortype DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the mode of the nearest neighbour object's neighbor type, sorting by the neighbor type in descending order, and only returning one result.
(1) Get the mode value from the column "mode" in the table "neighbors", for the nearest neighbor object with the highest neighbor type.
(2) Get the mode of the nearest neighbour object from the table "neighbors", ordering by neighbortype in descending order and selecting only the first result.
(3) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects from the table "neighbors" ordered by the type of neighbor, with a limit of 1 result.
(4) Find the mode from the nearest neighbor objects in the "neighbors" table, sorting by the neighbor type in descending order and limiting to only one result.
(5) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects in the table "neighbors", ordered by their neighbor type, with a limit of one result.
(6) Get the mode of the nearest neighbor object, ordered by descending neighbor type and limited to only the first result.
(7) "Retrieve the mode from the mode column in the neighbors table, sorted by neighbortype in descending order and only retrieve the first row."


Re-ranked choices:
7.729  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects from the table "neighbors" ordered by the type of neighbor, with a limit of 1 result.
7.723  Find the mode of the nearest neighbour object's neighbor type, sorting by the neighbor type in descending order, and only returning one result.
6.330  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects in the table "neighbors", ordered by their neighbor type, with a limit of one result.
6.327  Get the mode of the nearest neighbor object, ordered by descending neighbor type and limited to only the first result.
6.324  Find the mode from the nearest neighbor objects in the "neighbors" table, sorting by the neighbor type in descending order and limiting to only one result.
4.920  Get the mode of the nearest neighbour object from the table "neighbors", ordering by neighbortype in descending order and selecting only the first result.
2.832  Get the mode value from the column "mode" in the table "neighbors", for the nearest neighbor object with the highest neighbor type.
2.125  "Retrieve the mode from the mode column in the neighbors table, sorted by neighbortype in descending order and only retrieve the first row."

