SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.type DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.type DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects, sorted in descending order by type and limited to only one result."
(1) Get the neighbor mode of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, sorted by type in descending order, and only retrieve the top 1 result.
(2) Find the mode of the neighboring objects in the "neighbors" table, ordered by descending type and limited to one result.
(3) Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor object table, sorting by type in descending order and selecting only the top result.
(4) Get the neighborhood mode from the nearest neighbor objects, ordering them by their type in descending order and limit the results to 1.
(5) Get the neighbor mode for the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, ordered in descending order by type, and limit to one result.
(6) Find the mode of the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.
(7) "Retrieve the nearest neighbor mode from the neighbors table, ordering by type in descending order and limiting the result to only one."


Re-ranked choices:
9.123  Get the neighbor mode of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, sorted by type in descending order, and only retrieve the top 1 result.
7.026  Find the mode of the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.
6.327  Find the mode of the neighboring objects in the "neighbors" table, ordered by descending type and limited to one result.
6.325  Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor object table, sorting by type in descending order and selecting only the top result.
6.324  Get the neighbor mode for the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, ordered in descending order by type, and limit to one result.
4.927  Get the neighborhood mode from the nearest neighbor objects, ordering them by their type in descending order and limit the results to 1.
4.926  "Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects, sorted in descending order by type and limited to only one result."
4.925  "Retrieve the nearest neighbor mode from the neighbors table, ordering by type in descending order and limiting the result to only one."

