SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.special_target1 FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.plate DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.special_target1 FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.plate DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the special target1 for the most recently observed spectroscopic object?
(1) What is the special target of the most recent plate in the specobj table?
(2) What is the special target for the last plate in the list of spectroscopic objects?
(3) Retrieve the special target of the last spectroscopic object in descending order by plate number.
(4) Retrieve the value of the "special_target1" attribute from the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the "plate" attribute and limit the results to 1.
(5) Retrieve the value of the "special_target1" column for the most recent plate in the table "specobj".
(6) Retrieve the special target1 of the most recently added spectroscopic object from the specobj table, ordering by plate number in descending order and limiting to 1 result.
(7) What is the special target1 of the most recent object in the specobj table, ordered by plate number?


Re-ranked choices:
4.919  Retrieve the special target1 of the most recently added spectroscopic object from the specobj table, ordering by plate number in descending order and limiting to 1 result.
3.533  What is the special target1 of the most recent object in the specobj table, ordered by plate number?
3.529  Retrieve the special target of the last spectroscopic object in descending order by plate number.
2.848  What is the special target of the most recent plate in the specobj table?
2.844  What is the special target for the last plate in the list of spectroscopic objects?
2.121  Retrieve the value of the "special_target1" attribute from the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the "plate" attribute and limit the results to 1.
1.432  Retrieve the value of the "special_target1" column for the most recent plate in the table "specobj".
1.429  What is the special target1 for the most recently observed spectroscopic object?

