SELECT Photometric_objects.cmodelmag_r FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.z DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.cmodelmag_r FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.z DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the r-band cmodel magnitude for the photo object with the largest redshift value.
(1) Find the r-band cmodel magnitude of the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.
(2) Retrieve the r-band cmodel magnitude from the photoobj table for Photometric objects, sorting by descending redshift and only returning the top result.
(3) What is the red cmodel magnitude of the photometric object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
(4) What is the r-band cmodel magnitude of the object with the largest redshift in the photoobj table?
(5) Retrieve the r-band cmodel magnitude from the photoobj table for objects in order of decreasing redshift, with only the highest redshift object returned.
(6) Get the cmodelmag_r value for objects from the Photometric_objects table in ascending order by their z values and only return the top result.
(7) Get the r-band CModel magnitude for the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table in ascending order, limiting to only one result.


Re-ranked choices:
4.219  Retrieve the r-band cmodel magnitude from the photoobj table for objects in order of decreasing redshift, with only the highest redshift object returned.
3.519  Retrieve the r-band cmodel magnitude from the photoobj table for Photometric objects, sorting by descending redshift and only returning the top result.
2.835  Find the r-band cmodel magnitude for the photo object with the largest redshift value.
2.831  What is the r-band cmodel magnitude of the object with the largest redshift in the photoobj table?
2.824  What is the red cmodel magnitude of the photometric object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
2.821  Get the cmodelmag_r value for objects from the Photometric_objects table in ascending order by their z values and only return the top result.
2.820  Get the r-band CModel magnitude for the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table in ascending order, limiting to only one result.
2.820  Find the r-band cmodel magnitude of the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.

