SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.ra FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.mjd DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ra FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.mjd DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects, sort them by modified Julian date in descending order, and only return the first result.
(1) Retrieve the right ascension values from the specobj table for all objects sorted by their modified Julian date in descending order, limited to only one result.
(2) Get the right ascension for all objects in the table "specobj" and sort them in descending order based on their modified Julian date, returning only the most recent result.
(3) "Retrieve the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects, ordering them by their modified Julian date in descending order and limiting the result to only the most recent entry."
(4) Retrieve the right ascension of objects from the specobj table, sorted by descending modified Julian date and limited to one result.
(5) Find the right ascension values for all objects in the specobj table, sorted by mjd in descending order and only return the first result.
(6) What is the right ascension of the most recently observed object in the spectroscopic data set?
(7) What is the right ascension of the most recent object in the spectroscopic_objects table, ordered by date and limited to one result?


Re-ranked choices:
7.722  Retrieve the right ascension of objects from the specobj table, sorted by descending modified Julian date and limited to one result.
7.719  Retrieve the right ascension values from the specobj table for all objects sorted by their modified Julian date in descending order, limited to only one result.
6.322  Get the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects, sort them by modified Julian date in descending order, and only return the first result.
6.318  "Retrieve the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects, ordering them by their modified Julian date in descending order and limiting the result to only the most recent entry."
5.625  What is the right ascension of the most recent object in the spectroscopic_objects table, ordered by date and limited to one result?
5.621  Get the right ascension for all objects in the table "specobj" and sort them in descending order based on their modified Julian date, returning only the most recent result.
4.922  Find the right ascension values for all objects in the specobj table, sorted by mjd in descending order and only return the first result.
2.832  What is the right ascension of the most recently observed object in the spectroscopic data set?

