SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.ra FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.veldisp DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ra FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.veldisp DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the table "specobj"?
(1) What is the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion in the specobj table?
(2) What is the right ascension of the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion in ascending order, limited to only one result?
(3) Find the right ascension value for the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion, ordering it in descending order and limiting to one result.
(4) Find the right ascension value of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the table "specobj" ordered in descending order, limited to 1 result.
(5) Retrieve the right ascension value of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the specobj table in descending order and limit the result to one.
(6) Get the right ascension of the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion from the specobj table, in descending order, with a limit of one.
(7) Find the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects in order of decreasing velocity dispersion, limiting to only one result.


Re-ranked choices:
7.017  Find the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects in order of decreasing velocity dispersion, limiting to only one result.
5.628  What is the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the table "specobj"?
5.628  What is the right ascension of the object with the highest velocity dispersion in the specobj table?
5.620  Find the right ascension value of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the table "specobj" ordered in descending order, limited to 1 result.
5.620  Get the right ascension of the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion from the specobj table, in descending order, with a limit of one.
5.619  What is the right ascension of the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion in ascending order, limited to only one result?
5.619  Retrieve the right ascension value of the object with the highest velocity dispersion from the specobj table in descending order and limit the result to one.
4.219  Find the right ascension value for the spectroscopic object with the highest velocity dispersion, ordering it in descending order and limiting to one result.

