SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.objid FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.distance DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, sorting by distance in descending order and returning only one result."
(1) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour object, ordered by distance in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(2) Retrieve the object identifier of the nearest neighbour from the table "neighbors", sorted in descending order by distance, and limit to only one result.
(3) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a table called "neighbors" and sort them in descending order by their distance, then select only the top result.
(4) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor, sorted in descending order by distance and limit the result to only one object.
(5) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor object in the "neighbors" table, ordering by distance in descending order, and limit the result to one row.
(6) Get the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a table called "neighbors" by ordering the results in descending order based on their distance and selecting only the first row.
(7) "Find the objid of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order and limit to 1 result."


Re-ranked choices:
9.124  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor object in the "neighbors" table, ordering by distance in descending order, and limit the result to one row.
9.122  "Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, sorting by distance in descending order and returning only one result."
9.122  Get the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a table called "neighbors" by ordering the results in descending order based on their distance and selecting only the first row.
7.728  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor, sorted in descending order by distance and limit the result to only one object.
7.727  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour object, ordered by distance in descending order, with a limit of one result.
7.725  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a table called "neighbors" and sort them in descending order by their distance, then select only the top result.
7.723  "Find the objid of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order and limit to 1 result."
6.320  Retrieve the object identifier of the nearest neighbour from the table "neighbors", sorted in descending order by distance, and limit to only one result.

