SELECT Photometric_objects.ra FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.mjd DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ra FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.mjd DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the right ascension value from the photoobj table for all photometric objects, sorting them in descending order by mjd and limiting the results to one.
(1) Retrieve the right ascension values from the "Photometric_objects" table, sorted in descending order by the "mjd" column and limited to one result.
(2) Retrieve the right ascension values from the "Photometric_objects" table for all objects in descending order of modified Julian date, with a limit of one result.
(3) Get the right ascension of photometric objects in descending order based on their modified Julian date, with only the latest result being returned.
(4) Find the right ascension of all photometric objects in descending order by their modified Julian date, with only the most recent result being shown.
(5) Retrieve the right ascension of all objects from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the modified Julian date and limited to only the most recent entry.
(6) What is the right ascension value for the latest observation in the photometric_objects table, ordered by modified Julian date in descending order and limited to only one result?
(7) "Retrieve the right ascension values from the latest observation of photometric objects and arrange them in descending order, limited to only one result."


Re-ranked choices:
7.720  Retrieve the right ascension of all objects from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the modified Julian date and limited to only the most recent entry.
7.018  What is the right ascension value for the latest observation in the photometric_objects table, ordered by modified Julian date in descending order and limited to only one result?
6.322  Find the right ascension of all photometric objects in descending order by their modified Julian date, with only the most recent result being shown.
6.321  Retrieve the right ascension values from the "Photometric_objects" table for all objects in descending order of modified Julian date, with a limit of one result.
5.622  Get the right ascension of photometric objects in descending order based on their modified Julian date, with only the latest result being returned.
4.220  Retrieve the right ascension values from the "Photometric_objects" table, sorted in descending order by the "mjd" column and limited to one result.
4.219  "Retrieve the right ascension values from the latest observation of photometric objects and arrange them in descending order, limited to only one result."
3.518  Retrieve the right ascension value from the photoobj table for all photometric objects, sorting them in descending order by mjd and limiting the results to one.

