SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.type FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbormode DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.type FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.neighbormode DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object based on their neighbor mode, sorted in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
(1) "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor objects, sorted by their neighbor mode in descending order and limited to only one result."
(2) Select the type of the nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table, ordering by their neighbormode in descending order and returning only one result.
(3) Get the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, sorting by neighbormode in descending order and only returning the first result.
(4) Get the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordering by the neighbormode in descending order and limiting to only one result.
(5) Select the type of objects from the nearest neighbor table, ordered by neighbormode in descending order and limit the results to only one object.
(6) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the "neighbors" table, ordering by the neighbormode column in descending order and limiting to only one result.
(7) Get the type of the nearest neighbor object by sorting the neighbors in descending order based on their mode and limiting it to only one result.


Re-ranked choices:
7.724  Get the type of the nearest neighbor object by sorting the neighbors in descending order based on their mode and limiting it to only one result.
6.325  "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor objects, sorted by their neighbor mode in descending order and limited to only one result."
6.322  Get the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, sorting by neighbormode in descending order and only returning the first result.
6.322  Select the type of objects from the nearest neighbor table, ordered by neighbormode in descending order and limit the results to only one object.
6.321  Get the type of the nearest neighbor object from the neighbors table, ordering by the neighbormode in descending order and limiting to only one result.
6.319  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the "neighbors" table, ordering by the neighbormode column in descending order and limiting to only one result.
6.319  Select the type of the nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table, ordering by their neighbormode in descending order and returning only one result.
5.627  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object based on their neighbor mode, sorted in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.

