SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.loadversion FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.scienceprimary DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.loadversion FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.scienceprimary DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the most recent value of the "loadversion" attribute from the "specobj" table, sorted by descending order of the "scienceprimary" attribute, limited to 1 result.
(1) What is the version number of the latest loaded data for a spectroscopic object, ordered by whether it is marked as the primary science target and limited to one result?
(2) Get the version number of the latest spectroscopic object in descending order by primary scientific status from the specobj table.
(3) Retrieve the load version of the latest spectroscopic object in descending order based on its science primary status from the specobj table.
(4) "Select the load version from the specobj table for spectroscopic objects, ordering by science primary in descending order and limiting the result to 1."
(5) Find the most recent loadversion value from the specobj table for objects identified as primary sources in a spectroscopic study, ordered by their status as science primaries, with only one result returned.
(6) Retrieve the version number of the loaded spectroscopic objects, ordered by those designated as science primary, with a limit of 1 result.
(7) Get the latest version of the load for all objects from the spectroscopic catalog, sorted by those that are considered primary science targets, and return only one result.


Re-ranked choices:
4.921  Get the latest version of the load for all objects from the spectroscopic catalog, sorted by those that are considered primary science targets, and return only one result.
3.519  "Select the load version from the specobj table for spectroscopic objects, ordering by science primary in descending order and limiting the result to 1."
2.821  Retrieve the load version of the latest spectroscopic object in descending order based on its science primary status from the specobj table.
2.121  Retrieve the version number of the loaded spectroscopic objects, ordered by those designated as science primary, with a limit of 1 result.
2.120  What is the version number of the latest loaded data for a spectroscopic object, ordered by whether it is marked as the primary science target and limited to one result?
2.119  Get the version number of the latest spectroscopic object in descending order by primary scientific status from the specobj table.
2.117  Find the most recent loadversion value from the specobj table for objects identified as primary sources in a spectroscopic study, ordered by their status as science primaries, with only one result returned.
0.717  Get the most recent value of the "loadversion" attribute from the "specobj" table, sorted by descending order of the "scienceprimary" attribute, limited to 1 result.

