SELECT Photometric_objects.l FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.z DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.l FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.z DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the value of the "l" column for the object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
(1) Get the value of the "l" column from the table "photoobj" and order it in descending order by the "z" column, then limit the results to 1.
(2) Show the distance from Earth to the most distant object in Photometric_objects, listed in descending order by the redshift value.
(3) "Retrieve the 'l' value from the 'photoobj' table for the object with the highest redshift, ordered in descending order and limited to one result."
(4) Retrieve the l column from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the z column, and limit the results to only one row.
(5) Find the magnitude of the most distant photometric object in the photoobj table, ordered from largest to smallest redshift.
(6) Retrieve the value of the "l" column from the "photoobj" table, but only for objects with a redshift value, and sort them in descending order based on their redshift values, then limit the results to only one.
(7) Find the luminosity value of the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order, and limit the result to one.


Re-ranked choices:
2.817  Retrieve the value of the "l" column from the "photoobj" table, but only for objects with a redshift value, and sort them in descending order based on their redshift values, then limit the results to only one.
2.124  Show the distance from Earth to the most distant object in Photometric_objects, listed in descending order by the redshift value.
1.432  What is the value of the "l" column for the object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
1.421  Find the luminosity value of the object with the highest redshift from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order, and limit the result to one.
0.724  Get the value of the "l" column from the table "photoobj" and order it in descending order by the "z" column, then limit the results to 1.
0.724  Retrieve the l column from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the z column, and limit the results to only one row.
0.026  Find the magnitude of the most distant photometric object in the photoobj table, ordered from largest to smallest redshift.
0.022  "Retrieve the 'l' value from the 'photoobj' table for the object with the highest redshift, ordered in descending order and limited to one result."

