SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.segue2_target1 FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.fiberid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.segue2_target1 FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.fiberid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the target1 column value for the last record in the specobj table, sorted in descending order by fiberid.
(1) Retrieve the target 1 value from the segue2_target1 column of the Spectroscopic_objects table, ordering by fiberid in descending order and only returning the first result.
(2) Find the last target1 value from the spectroscopic_objects table, sorted in descending order by fiberid, limited to 1 result.
(3) Find the segue2_target1 column from the specobj table, ordering it by fiberid in descending order and limiting the results to 1.
(4) Retrieve the target 1 name of the last object listed in the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorting by fiber ID in descending order and limiting to 1 result.
(5) "Retrieve the value of the segue2_target1 attribute from the specobj table, sorted in descending order by the fiberid attribute and only selecting the first result."
(6) Get the target1 of the last spectroscopic object in the specobj table, sorted by descending fiberid.
(7) Retrieve the target 1 name from the Segue 2 spectroscopic objects table, ordered by the fiber ID in descending order and return only the last result.


Re-ranked choices:
4.924  Retrieve the target 1 name from the Segue 2 spectroscopic objects table, ordered by the fiber ID in descending order and return only the last result.
4.222  Retrieve the target 1 name of the last object listed in the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorting by fiber ID in descending order and limiting to 1 result.
1.423  Find the last target1 value from the spectroscopic_objects table, sorted in descending order by fiberid, limited to 1 result.
1.418  Retrieve the target 1 value from the segue2_target1 column of the Spectroscopic_objects table, ordering by fiberid in descending order and only returning the first result.
0.729  Get the target1 column value for the last record in the specobj table, sorted in descending order by fiberid.
0.726  Get the target1 of the last spectroscopic object in the specobj table, sorted by descending fiberid.
0.722  Find the segue2_target1 column from the specobj table, ordering it by fiberid in descending order and limiting the results to 1.
0.720  "Retrieve the value of the segue2_target1 attribute from the specobj table, sorted in descending order by the fiberid attribute and only selecting the first result."

