SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.ra FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ra FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the right ascension values from the specobj table, sorted by the loadversion column in descending order, and return only the first result.
(1) Retrieve the right ascension values from the most recent version of the specobj table, sorted in descending order, and limit the results to 1.
(2) Get the right ascension from the table specobj, sorted in descending order by the loadversion column and only return the first result.
(3) Get the right ascension of all objects in the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the latest loadversion, and only return the first result.
(4) Find the right ascension values for all spectroscopic objects, ordering them by the most recent load version and only returning the first result.
(5) "Find the right ascension of all objects in the specobj table, sorted by their loadversion in descending order and limited to only the latest version."
(6) "Find the right ascension values from the table specobj, organized in descending order by loadversion, and return only the first result."
(7) Find the right ascension values for all spectroscopic objects, ordered by the most recent load version and only display the top result.


Re-ranked choices:
6.325  Find the right ascension values for all spectroscopic objects, ordered by the most recent load version and only display the top result.
6.322  Find the right ascension values for all spectroscopic objects, ordering them by the most recent load version and only returning the first result.
4.920  Get the right ascension of all objects in the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the latest loadversion, and only return the first result.
4.920  "Find the right ascension of all objects in the specobj table, sorted by their loadversion in descending order and limited to only the latest version."
4.224  Retrieve the right ascension values from the most recent version of the specobj table, sorted in descending order, and limit the results to 1.
3.522  Get the right ascension from the table specobj, sorted in descending order by the loadversion column and only return the first result.
3.521  Get the right ascension values from the specobj table, sorted by the loadversion column in descending order, and return only the first result.
3.520  "Find the right ascension values from the table specobj, organized in descending order by loadversion, and return only the first result."

