SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighborobjid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.neighborobjid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the 'neighbors' table, sorted by its object ID in descending order, and limit the result to only one entry."
(1) "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the list of neighbors, sorted in descending order by their ID, and limit the results to only one."
(2) Find the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors", ordered by the descending order of its ID, and limit the result to only one.
(3) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, ordering the results in descending order by neighborobjid and limiting to only one result.
(4) Get the type of the nearest neighbour from the "neighbors" table, sorting by the neighbor's object id in descending order and limiting to only one result.
(5) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors", ordering by the neighbor object ID in descending order, and limiting the results to only one row.
(6) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour object from a table called "neighbors", sorting by the neighbor's object ID in descending order and limiting the results to 1 row.
(7) Find the type of the nearest neighbor object, ordering by its ID in descending order and only selecting the last result.


Re-ranked choices:
7.721  Get the type of the nearest neighbour from the "neighbors" table, sorting by the neighbor's object id in descending order and limiting to only one result.
7.721  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour object from a table called "neighbors", sorting by the neighbor's object ID in descending order and limiting the results to 1 row.
6.323  "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the 'neighbors' table, sorted by its object ID in descending order, and limit the result to only one entry."
6.321  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors", ordering by the neighbor object ID in descending order, and limiting the results to only one row.
4.926  "Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbor object from the list of neighbors, sorted in descending order by their ID, and limit the results to only one."
4.926  Find the type of the nearest neighbor object, ordering by its ID in descending order and only selecting the last result.
4.925  Find the type of the nearest neighbor object from a table called "neighbors", ordered by the descending order of its ID, and limit the result to only one.
4.918  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbour object from the neighbors table, ordering the results in descending order by neighborobjid and limiting to only one result.

