SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.ancillary_target1 FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ancillary_target1 FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the ancillary target 1 value for the most recent load version of all spectroscopic objects in ascending order.
(1) What is the most recent ancillary target 1 associated with a spectroscopic object in the specobj table, ordered by loadversion in descending order and limited to 1 result?
(2) What is the most recent ancillary target 1 from the spectroscopic objects in the table specobj, ordered by load version and limited to only 1 result?
(3) What is the ancillary target 1 of the most recent version of spectroscopic objects in the specobj table?
(4) "Select the value in the 'ancillary_target1' column for the most recently loaded row in the 'specobj' table."
(5) Give me the first value from the "ancillary_target1" column of the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the "loadversion" column, with a limit of 1 result.
(6) Get the most recent ancillary target 1 value from the specobj table in descending order and limit the result to 1 row.
(7) "What is the most recent ancillary target1 for all objects in the specobj table ordered by their loadversion?"


Re-ranked choices:
6.321  What is the most recent ancillary target 1 from the spectroscopic objects in the table specobj, ordered by load version and limited to only 1 result?
5.625  Retrieve the ancillary target 1 value for the most recent load version of all spectroscopic objects in ascending order.
4.227  What is the ancillary target 1 of the most recent version of spectroscopic objects in the specobj table?
3.527  "What is the most recent ancillary target1 for all objects in the specobj table ordered by their loadversion?"
2.116  What is the most recent ancillary target 1 associated with a spectroscopic object in the specobj table, ordered by loadversion in descending order and limited to 1 result?
1.426  Get the most recent ancillary target 1 value from the specobj table in descending order and limit the result to 1 row.
0.719  Give me the first value from the "ancillary_target1" column of the "specobj" table, sorted in descending order by the "loadversion" column, with a limit of 1 result.
0.028  "Select the value in the 'ancillary_target1' column for the most recently loaded row in the 'specobj' table."

