SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighborobjid FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighborobjid FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.mode DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the neighbor object ID from the neighbors table, sorted by mode in descending order, and limit the result to one row."
(1) "Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a list of objects, ordered by their mode in descending order and limited to one result."
(2) Get the object ID of the nearest neighbour from the neighbors table, ordered by mode in descending order and return only the top result.
(3) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour, sorted by its mode in descending order, and only return the first result.
(4) "Retrieve the object ID of the nearest neighbor from the neighbors table, sorted by descending mode and limited to one result."
(5) Find the ID of the nearest neighbor object with the highest mode value, from a table called "neighbors" sorted in descending order by mode and limited to 1 result.
(6) Find the nearest neighbor object's ID from the table "neighbors" and order them in descending mode, returning only the first result.
(7) "Find the neighbor object ID from the 'neighbors' table ordered by descending mode and limit the result to one row."


Re-ranked choices:
7.728  "Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor from a list of objects, ordered by their mode in descending order and limited to one result."
7.726  "Retrieve the object ID of the nearest neighbor from the neighbors table, sorted by descending mode and limited to one result."
7.724  Get the object ID of the nearest neighbour from the neighbors table, ordered by mode in descending order and return only the top result.
7.722  Find the ID of the nearest neighbor object with the highest mode value, from a table called "neighbors" sorted in descending order by mode and limited to 1 result.
6.330  "Find the neighbor object ID from the 'neighbors' table ordered by descending mode and limit the result to one row."
6.328  "Retrieve the neighbor object ID from the neighbors table, sorted by mode in descending order, and limit the result to one row."
6.327  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbour, sorted by its mode in descending order, and only return the first result.
4.226  Find the nearest neighbor object's ID from the table "neighbors" and order them in descending mode, returning only the first result.

