SELECT Photometric_objects.r FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.z DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.r FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.z DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Find the r value from the table of Photometric objects, sorted by z in descending order, and return only the first result."
(1) What is the value of the "r" column for the object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
(2) Find the value of r for the object with the highest redshift from the table photoobj, which is also known as Photometric_objects.
(3) Find the magnitude of the brightest photometric object from the photoobj table, sorted by descending redshift and limited to only one result.
(4) Retrieve the r-value of all objects in the Photometric_objects table from the photoobj database, ordering them by their z-value in descending order, and limit the results to only 1 object.
(5) "Retrieve the value for the 'r' column from the photoobj table, sorting by the 'z' column in descending order, and only returning the first result."
(6) Get the r value from the photoobj table for objects in order of highest redshift, with a limit of one result.
(7) Find the value of r from the table photoobj, where the data is sorted in descending order by z, and only return the first result.


Re-ranked choices:
3.520  Find the magnitude of the brightest photometric object from the photoobj table, sorted by descending redshift and limited to only one result.
2.832  What is the value of the "r" column for the object with the highest redshift in the photoobj table?
2.830  Get the r value from the photoobj table for objects in order of highest redshift, with a limit of one result.
2.826  Find the value of r for the object with the highest redshift from the table photoobj, which is also known as Photometric_objects.
2.817  Retrieve the r-value of all objects in the Photometric_objects table from the photoobj database, ordering them by their z-value in descending order, and limit the results to only 1 object.
2.126  Find the value of r from the table photoobj, where the data is sorted in descending order by z, and only return the first result.
2.125  "Find the r value from the table of Photometric objects, sorted by z in descending order, and return only the first result."
2.121  "Retrieve the value for the 'r' column from the photoobj table, sorting by the 'z' column in descending order, and only returning the first result."

