SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.dec FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.dec FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.loadversion DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the declination values from the latest version of the specobj table and sort them in descending order, limiting the result to only one row.
(1) Get the declination values for all objects in the latest loaded version of the specobj table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.
(2) Get the declination values of spectroscopic objects from the latest version of the specobj table, ordered by loadversion in descending order, limited to one result.
(3) Retrieve the declination values from the most recently loaded version of the specobj table, sorting them in descending order and limiting the results to one entry.
(4) Find the declination of all spectroscopic objects in the "specobj" table, sorted by the most recent loadversion and limiting the results to one.
(5) Find the declination values from the most recent loadversion in the specobj table, sorted in descending order and limited to one result.
(6) Get the declination values from the most recent version of the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted in descending order by load version, and limit the results to 1.
(7) Find the declination values of spectroscopic objects, sorted by their load version in descending order, limited to one result.


Re-ranked choices:
5.621  Get the declination values from the most recent version of the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted in descending order by load version, and limit the results to 1.
4.923  Find the declination values of spectroscopic objects, sorted by their load version in descending order, limited to one result.
4.917  Get the declination values of spectroscopic objects from the latest version of the specobj table, ordered by loadversion in descending order, limited to one result.
4.221  Get the declination values for all objects in the latest loaded version of the specobj table, ordered in descending order and limited to one result.
3.519  Find the declination of all spectroscopic objects in the "specobj" table, sorted by the most recent loadversion and limiting the results to one.
2.821  Retrieve the declination values from the latest version of the specobj table and sort them in descending order, limiting the result to only one row.
2.819  Retrieve the declination values from the most recently loaded version of the specobj table, sorting them in descending order and limiting the results to one entry.
1.420  Find the declination values from the most recent loadversion in the specobj table, sorted in descending order and limited to one result.

