SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.segue2_target1 FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.veldisp DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.segue2_target1 FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.veldisp DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the highest velocity dispersion value among all objects in the specobj table, and return the corresponding segue2_target1 value.
(1) Retrieve the Segue 2 Target 1 name from the Spectroscopic Objects table, sorting by velocity dispersion in descending order and only returning the top result.
(2) Retrieve the target of the highest velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, sorted in descending order by velocity dispersion, and limit the results to 1.
(3) What is the segue2_target1 value of the specobj with the highest veldisp from the Spectroscopic_objects table, in descending order?
(4) What is the SEGUE-2 target name for the spectroscopic object with the largest velocity dispersion?
(5) What is the most massive Spectroscopic Object's SEGUE2 Target1 from the SpecObj table, ordered by its velocity dispersion in descending order and only returning 1 result?
(6) Retrieve the segue2_target1 value from the specobj table, sorted by veldisp in descending order, and only return the top result.
(7) What is the largest target from the Segue 2 survey based on its velocity dispersion?


Re-ranked choices:
4.919  Retrieve the Segue 2 Target 1 name from the Spectroscopic Objects table, sorting by velocity dispersion in descending order and only returning the top result.
4.918  What is the most massive Spectroscopic Object's SEGUE2 Target1 from the SpecObj table, ordered by its velocity dispersion in descending order and only returning 1 result?
4.917  Retrieve the target of the highest velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, sorted in descending order by velocity dispersion, and limit the results to 1.
4.221  Find the highest velocity dispersion value among all objects in the specobj table, and return the corresponding segue2_target1 value.
1.438  What is the largest target from the Segue 2 survey based on its velocity dispersion?
1.429  What is the SEGUE-2 target name for the spectroscopic object with the largest velocity dispersion?
0.722  What is the segue2_target1 value of the specobj with the highest veldisp from the Spectroscopic_objects table, in descending order?
0.721  Retrieve the segue2_target1 value from the specobj table, sorted by veldisp in descending order, and only return the top result.

