SELECT Photometric_objects.flags FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.g DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.flags FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.g DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the flags column from the photoobj table as Photometric_objects, sorted by the g column in descending order with a limit of 1.
(1) Get the flags column for objects in the Photometric_objects table from the photoobj database, sorted in descending order by the g column and limit to one result.
(2) "Find the flags for the photometric objects in ascending order based on their g value, with a limit of one result."
(3) Retrieve the flag data from the Photometric_objects table for the object with the highest value in the g column, sorted in descending order, limited to one result.
(4) What is the highest value in the "g" column from the "photoobj" table, and return the corresponding flag from the "flags" column in descending order with a limit of 1?
(5) Retrieve the flag column from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the g column, and limit the results to 1 row.
(6) What is the flags value for the object with the highest g magnitude in the photoobj table?
(7) Get the flags from the photometric objects table, sort them in descending order by the g column, and return only the top result.


Re-ranked choices:
5.635  What is the flags value for the object with the highest g magnitude in the photoobj table?
5.619  Get the flags column for objects in the Photometric_objects table from the photoobj database, sorted in descending order by the g column and limit to one result.
4.927  Get the flags from the photometric objects table, sort them in descending order by the g column, and return only the top result.
4.229  "Find the flags for the photometric objects in ascending order based on their g value, with a limit of one result."
3.521  Get the flags column from the photoobj table as Photometric_objects, sorted by the g column in descending order with a limit of 1.
3.520  Retrieve the flag data from the Photometric_objects table for the object with the highest value in the g column, sorted in descending order, limited to one result.
2.820  What is the highest value in the "g" column from the "photoobj" table, and return the corresponding flag from the "flags" column in descending order with a limit of 1?
2.125  Retrieve the flag column from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order by the g column, and limit the results to 1 row.

