SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.distance FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.objid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, ordered from highest to lowest objid, limited to 1 result.
(1) Find the distance of the nearest neighbour object and sort it in descending order, then select only the last result.
(2) Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors", ordering it in descending order by its objid and limiting the result to only 1 row.
(3) Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted in descending order by their object ID, with a limit of one result.
(4) Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted by its ID in descending order, and limit the result to one entry.
(5) Get the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted in descending order by its object ID and limited to one result.
(6) Retrieve the distance of the nearest neighbor object, ordering them by object ID in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(7) Get the distance from the nearest neighbor object, ordered in descending order by their object ID, and only retrieve the top result.


Re-ranked choices:
10.526  Get the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted in descending order by its object ID and limited to one result.
9.128  Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted by its ID in descending order, and limit the result to one entry.
9.120  Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object from the table "neighbors", ordering it in descending order by its objid and limiting the result to only 1 row.
7.728  Get the distance from the nearest neighbor object, ordered in descending order by their object ID, and only retrieve the top result.
7.725  Retrieve the distance of the nearest neighbor object, ordering them by object ID in descending order, with a limit of one result.
7.028  Find the distance of the nearest neighbour object and sort it in descending order, then select only the last result.
6.328  Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, sorted in descending order by their object ID, with a limit of one result.
4.227  Find the distance of the nearest neighbor object, ordered from highest to lowest objid, limited to 1 result.

