SELECT Photometric_objects.r FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects    ORDER BY Photometric_objects.clean DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.r FROM photoobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.clean DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the right ascension of the object with the highest cleanliness score from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order, limited to 1 result?
(1) Get the value for the "r" column from the table "photoobj", also known as "Photometric_objects", and sort the results by descending order of cleanliness, then limit the output to only one row.
(2) Retrieve the value for the 'r' attribute from the 'photoobj' table, selecting only those rows from the table labeled as clean, ordering them in descending order, and limiting the results to just one row.
(3) Retrieve the value of "r" from the "photoobj" table for the entry with the highest clean value, in descending order.
(4) Retrieve the value of "r" from the "photoobj" table for objects in descending order based on their cleanliness, with a limit of 1 result.
(5) "Retrieve the 'r' value from the 'photoobj' table for the object with the highest clean score, sorted in descending order."
(6) Get the right ascension value for the brightest object in the photoobj table, ordered by objects with clean data first.
(7) Find the value of r for Photometric objects ordered by their cleanliness in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.


Re-ranked choices:
3.528  Get the right ascension value for the brightest object in the photoobj table, ordered by objects with clean data first.
3.526  Find the value of r for Photometric objects ordered by their cleanliness in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
2.828  Retrieve the value of "r" from the "photoobj" table for the entry with the highest clean value, in descending order.
2.828  "Retrieve the 'r' value from the 'photoobj' table for the object with the highest clean score, sorted in descending order."
2.824  Retrieve the value of "r" from the "photoobj" table for objects in descending order based on their cleanliness, with a limit of 1 result.
2.818  Get the value for the "r" column from the table "photoobj", also known as "Photometric_objects", and sort the results by descending order of cleanliness, then limit the output to only one row.
1.418  Retrieve the value for the 'r' attribute from the 'photoobj' table, selecting only those rows from the table labeled as clean, ordering them in descending order, and limiting the results to just one row.
0.021  What is the right ascension of the object with the highest cleanliness score from the photoobj table, sorted in descending order, limited to 1 result?

