SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects    ORDER BY Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS T1    ORDER BY T1.distance DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the nearest neighbor mode from the neighbors table, sorting by distance in descending order and limiting the result to one.
(1) Find the neighbor mode from the neighbors table sorted by distance in descending order and limit the result to one row.
(2) Get the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects in the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
(3) Find the neighborhood mode from the nearest neighbor objects, ordering them by distance in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(4) Find the nearest neighbor's mode from the neighbors table by ordering the objects in descending order by their distance and selecting only the first result.
(5) What is the nearest neighbor mode for all objects in the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result?
(6) Select the neighbormode from the nearest neighbor objects in the neighbors table, ordering by distance in descending order and limiting the result to one.
(7) Find the neighbormode value from the Nearest_neighbour_objects table in the neighbors database, sorting by distance in descending order and only returning the first result.


Re-ranked choices:
9.125  Get the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects in the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
9.125  What is the nearest neighbor mode for all objects in the neighbors table, sorted by distance in descending order, with a limit of 1 result?
9.123  Find the nearest neighbor's mode from the neighbors table by ordering the objects in descending order by their distance and selecting only the first result.
7.729  Find the neighbor mode from the neighbors table sorted by distance in descending order and limit the result to one row.
7.726  Get the nearest neighbor mode from the neighbors table, sorting by distance in descending order and limiting the result to one.
7.725  Find the neighborhood mode from the nearest neighbor objects, ordering them by distance in descending order, with a limit of one result.
7.720  Select the neighbormode from the nearest neighbor objects in the neighbors table, ordering by distance in descending order and limiting the result to one.
5.617  Find the neighbormode value from the Nearest_neighbour_objects table in the neighbors database, sorting by distance in descending order and only returning the first result.

