SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.loadversion FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.zwarning DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.loadversion FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.zwarning DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the most recent version number of loaded spectroscopic objects, sorted by their redshift warning in descending order, with a limit of 1.
(1) What is the latest version of the spectroscopic objects' loading, ordered by descending zwarning, with a limit of one?
(2) Retrieve the load version from the specobj table for spectroscopic objects, ordered by zwarning in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
(3) Get the load version from the specobj table for the spectroscopic objects sorted by zwarning in descending order, with a limit of 1.
(4) Get the loadversion value for the latest entry in the Spectroscopic_objects table, ordered by decreasing zwarning value and only returning the first result.
(5) What is the load version of the spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, sorted by zwarning in descending order, limited to one result?
(6) Select the version of loaded data from the table specobj, which represents spectroscopic objects, and sort it in descending order by zwarning, returning only the top result.
(7) Retrieve the latest version number from the loadversion column in the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted by descending zwarning and limited to 1 result.


Re-ranked choices:
4.923  Get the load version from the specobj table for the spectroscopic objects sorted by zwarning in descending order, with a limit of 1.
4.922  Retrieve the most recent version number of loaded spectroscopic objects, sorted by their redshift warning in descending order, with a limit of 1.
4.921  What is the load version of the spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, sorted by zwarning in descending order, limited to one result?
3.526  What is the latest version of the spectroscopic objects' loading, ordered by descending zwarning, with a limit of one?
3.521  Retrieve the load version from the specobj table for spectroscopic objects, ordered by zwarning in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
2.817  Retrieve the latest version number from the loadversion column in the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted by descending zwarning and limited to 1 result.
2.118  Select the version of loaded data from the table specobj, which represents spectroscopic objects, and sort it in descending order by zwarning, returning only the top result.
1.418  Get the loadversion value for the latest entry in the Spectroscopic_objects table, ordered by decreasing zwarning value and only returning the first result.

