SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.subclass FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects    ORDER BY Spectroscopic_objects.scienceprimary DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.subclass FROM specobj AS T1    ORDER BY T1.scienceprimary DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the subclass of the top result from the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted by descending order of the scienceprimary column."
(1) What is the subclass of the spectroscopic object with the highest priority for scientific observations?
(2) Get the subclass column value from the specobj table, renamed as Spectroscopic_objects, ordered by scienceprimary in descending order with a limit of 1 result.
(3) Return the subclass of the most scientifically significant object from the specobj table, ordered by scienceprimary in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
(4) "Select the subclass from the table 'specobj' as 'Spectroscopic_objects', order it in descending order by the column 'scienceprimary' and return only one result."
(5) Get the subclass of the spectroscopic object with the highest scienceprimary value from the table specobj, ordered in descending order and limit to one result.
(6) Get the subclass of the most recent spectroscopic object based on descending order of their primary scientific status.
(7) "Retrieve the subclass of the primary scientific object from the specobj table, ordered by descending value, with a limit of one result."


Re-ranked choices:
2.824  Get the subclass of the most recent spectroscopic object based on descending order of their primary scientific status.
2.822  What is the subclass of the spectroscopic object with the highest priority for scientific observations?
2.820  "Retrieve the subclass of the top result from the Spectroscopic_objects table, sorted by descending order of the scienceprimary column."
2.819  Get the subclass of the spectroscopic object with the highest scienceprimary value from the table specobj, ordered in descending order and limit to one result.
2.818  "Select the subclass from the table 'specobj' as 'Spectroscopic_objects', order it in descending order by the column 'scienceprimary' and return only one result."
2.121  "Retrieve the subclass of the primary scientific object from the specobj table, ordered by descending value, with a limit of one result."
2.118  Get the subclass column value from the specobj table, renamed as Spectroscopic_objects, ordered by scienceprimary in descending order with a limit of 1 result.
2.116  Return the subclass of the most scientifically significant object from the specobj table, ordered by scienceprimary in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.

