SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.value = 7 and photometrically_observed.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.value = 7 and T1.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the names of all objects that have been photometrically observed as a satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail.
(1) Find the names of all objects that have a photometric value of 7 and are described as a trail caused by a satellite, asteroid, or meteor.
(2) Get the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value of 7 and a description indicating that they are a trail left by a satellite, asteroid, or meteor.
(3) Find the name of objects in the photo type table that have a value of 7 and a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
(4) Find the names of all objects in the photo_type table that are classified as having a value of 7 and a description of "Trail" which could include satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails.
(5) What are the names of all objects observed photometrically as a trail, which includes satellites, asteroids, and meteor trails (though not currently in use)?
(6) Find the names of objects that have a photometric type value of 7 and description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail."
(7) Retrieve the name of the satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail that has a photometric value of 7 and is described as "Trail".


Re-ranked choices:
8.425  Find the name of objects in the photo type table that have a value of 7 and a description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
6.326  Find the names of objects that have a photometric type value of 7 and description of "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail."
4.928  Retrieve the name of the satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail that has a photometric value of 7 and is described as "Trail".
4.921  Find the names of all objects in the photo_type table that are classified as having a value of 7 and a description of "Trail" which could include satellites, asteroids, or meteor trails.
4.226  Find the names of all objects that have been photometrically observed as a satellite, asteroid, or meteor trail.
4.224  What are the names of all objects observed photometrically as a trail, which includes satellites, asteroids, and meteor trails (though not currently in use)?
4.220  Get the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value of 7 and a description indicating that they are a trail left by a satellite, asteroid, or meteor.
2.827  Find the names of all objects that have a photometric value of 7 and are described as a trail caused by a satellite, asteroid, or meteor.

