SELECT photometrically_observed.value FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.name = "SKY" and photometrically_observed.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.value FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "SKY" and T1.description = "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the value from the "SKY" column of the "photo_type" table where the name is "Trail" and the description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
(1) What is the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the name is "Trail" and description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail"?
(2) Retrieve the value of the "SKY" observation from the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
(3) Retrieve the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the name is "Trail" and the description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail."
(4) Retrieve the value from the photometrically_observed table where the name is "SKY" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
(5) Retrieve the value for "SKY" from the column named "value" in the table "photo_type" where the name is "photometrically_observed" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)".
(6) Retrieve the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
(7) Get the value from the column "value" in the table "photo_type" for entries where the name is "SKY" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)".


Re-ranked choices:
11.230  Retrieve the value for "SKY" from the column named "value" in the table "photo_type" where the name is "photometrically_observed" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)".
10.541  Get the value from the column "value" in the table "photo_type" for entries where the name is "SKY" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail. (not yet used)".
9.822  Retrieve the value from the photometrically_observed table where the name is "SKY" and the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
8.428  What is the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the name is "Trail" and description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail"?
8.425  Retrieve the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the name is "Trail" and the description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail."
8.424  Retrieve the value from the "SKY" column of the "photo_type" table where the name is "Trail" and the description is "A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
7.726  Retrieve the value of "SKY" from the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".
7.722  Retrieve the value of the "SKY" observation from the photo_type table where the description is "Trail: A satellite or asteroid or meteor trail".

