SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description = "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body." and photometrically_observed.value = 2

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body." and T1.value = 2
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the name of all stars that have a photometrically observed value of 2 and are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
(1) Find the names of all celestial bodies that are described as stars and have a photometric value of 2.
(2) Retrieve the names of all stars that have a photometric observation value of 2 and are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
(3) Which names are associated with stars that have a photometric value of 2 and a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."?
(4) Find the names of stars that have been observed photometrically and have a value of 2 for being a self-luminous gaseous celestial body.
(5) Retrieve the names of all stars that have been observed to be photometrically observed, where their description is "A self-luminous gaseous celestial body" and their value is 2.
(6) Retrieve the names of stars that have a photometric observation type with a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body" and a value of 2.
(7) Get the names of stars that have a photo type value of 2 and are described as "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."


Re-ranked choices:
9.121  Retrieve the names of all stars that have been observed to be photometrically observed, where their description is "A self-luminous gaseous celestial body" and their value is 2.
8.423  Retrieve the name of all stars that have a photometrically observed value of 2 and are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
7.024  Find the names of stars that have been observed photometrically and have a value of 2 for being a self-luminous gaseous celestial body.
7.022  Retrieve the names of stars that have a photometric observation type with a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body" and a value of 2.
6.322  Which names are associated with stars that have a photometric value of 2 and a description of "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."?
4.934  Get the names of stars that have a photo type value of 2 and are described as "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
4.223  Retrieve the names of all stars that have a photometric observation value of 2 and are described as self-luminous gaseous celestial bodies.
2.836  Find the names of all celestial bodies that are described as stars and have a photometric value of 2.

