SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.ra FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects WHERE Spectroscopic_objects.programname = "lowz" or Spectroscopic_objects.zwarning = 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ra FROM specobj AS T1 WHERE T1.programname = "lowz" or T1.zwarning = 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is 0?
(1) Find the right ascension of spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the redshift warning flag is set to 0.
(2) Retrieve the right ascension for spectroscopic objects from the specobj table, where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is equal to 0.
(3) Retrieve the right ascension values from the table of spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is 0.
(4) What are the right ascension values for all objects in the "lowz" program or have a z-warning value of 0?
(5) Get the right ascension of spectroscopic objects from the specobj table where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is equal to 0.
(6) Find the right ascension for all objects from the "lowz" program or have a zwarning of 0 in the Spectroscopic_objects table.
(7) Retrieve the right ascension values from the specobj table for objects classified under the "lowz" program or those with no redshift warning.


Re-ranked choices:
9.129  Find the right ascension of spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the redshift warning flag is set to 0.
6.327  What is the right ascension of all spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is 0?
6.324  Retrieve the right ascension values from the specobj table for objects classified under the "lowz" program or those with no redshift warning.
6.323  Retrieve the right ascension values from the table of spectroscopic objects where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is 0.
6.322  Retrieve the right ascension for spectroscopic objects from the specobj table, where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is equal to 0.
6.322  Get the right ascension of spectroscopic objects from the specobj table where the program name is "lowz" or the zwarning value is equal to 0.
5.624  Find the right ascension for all objects from the "lowz" program or have a zwarning of 0 in the Spectroscopic_objects table.
4.931  What are the right ascension values for all objects in the "lowz" program or have a z-warning value of 0?

