SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.value = 9 or photometrically_observed.description = "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.value = 9 or T1.description = "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the names of galaxies from the table "photo_type" where their value is 9 or their description is "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
(1) Find the names of objects that have a photo type value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
(2) Get the names of all objects that are either classified as a type 9 photo or described as a galaxy, specifically defined as an extended object made up of multiple stars and other material.
(3) "Retrieve the name of galaxies that have a photometric observation value of 9 or are described as extended objects composed of stars and other matter."
(4) Retrieve the names of galaxies that have a photometric observation value of 9 or are described as an extended object composed of many stars and other matter.
(5) "Retrieve the names of objects from the photo_type table where their value is equal to 9 or their description is 'Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter'."
(6) Find the names of all galaxies that have a photometric type value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
(7) What are the names of all galaxies that have been observed photometrically and have a value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter"?


Re-ranked choices:
12.620  What are the names of all galaxies that have been observed photometrically and have a value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter"?
9.821  "Retrieve the names of objects from the photo_type table where their value is equal to 9 or their description is 'Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter'."
9.125  Find the names of objects that have a photo type value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
9.122  Find the names of galaxies from the table "photo_type" where their value is 9 or their description is "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
9.122  Find the names of all galaxies that have a photometric type value of 9 or a description of "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
7.022  Retrieve the names of galaxies that have a photometric observation value of 9 or are described as an extended object composed of many stars and other matter.
6.321  "Retrieve the name of galaxies that have a photometric observation value of 9 or are described as extended objects composed of stars and other matter."
4.218  Get the names of all objects that are either classified as a type 9 photo or described as a galaxy, specifically defined as an extended object made up of multiple stars and other material.

