SELECT photometrically_observed.value FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.name = "DEFECT" or photometrically_observed.description = "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.value FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "DEFECT" or T1.description = "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are either labeled as "DEFECT" or described as being created by reflected or refracted light.
(1) Get the value of photometrically observed objects that have a name of "DEFECT" or a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
(2) Get the values of the photometrically observed objects that are either labeled as "DEFECT" or have a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light (not used)".
(3) Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects where the name is "DEFECT" or the description is "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
(4) Retrieve the value for photometrically observed objects that are labeled as "DEFECT" or described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light."
(5) Find the value of photometrically observed objects that are labeled as "DEFECT" or have a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
(6) Retrieve the value from the "photometrically_observed" column where the name is equal to "DEFECT" or the description is equal to "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
(7) Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are classified as "DEFECT" or have a description indicating they are created by reflected or refracted light.


Re-ranked choices:
13.321  Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects where the name is "DEFECT" or the description is "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
13.320  Get the value of photometrically observed objects that have a name of "DEFECT" or a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
11.920  Find the value of photometrically observed objects that are labeled as "DEFECT" or have a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
11.220  Retrieve the value from the "photometrically_observed" column where the name is equal to "DEFECT" or the description is equal to "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light. (not used)".
11.219  Get the values of the photometrically observed objects that are either labeled as "DEFECT" or have a description of "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light (not used)".
9.121  Retrieve the value for photometrically observed objects that are labeled as "DEFECT" or described as "Ghost: Object created by reflected or refracted light."
7.719  Retrieve the value of photometrically observed objects that are either labeled as "DEFECT" or described as being created by reflected or refracted light.
7.718  Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are classified as "DEFECT" or have a description indicating they are created by reflected or refracted light.

