SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.name = "GHOST" or photometrically_observed.value = 2

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "GHOST" or T1.value = 2
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the description from the photometrically_observed table where the name is "GHOST" or the value is 2.
(1) What is the description for a photometrically observed object with either the name "GHOST" or a value of 2 in the photo_type table?
(2) "What is the description of the photo type called 'GHOST' or with a value of 2 for photometrically observed?"
(3) Retrieve the description from the table "photo_type" for entries where the name is equal to "GHOST" or the value is equal to 2.
(4) Get the description of photo types from GHOST or with a value of 2 that have been observed photometrically.
(5) Get the description from the photometrically observed photo type table for GHOST or for a value of 2.
(6) What is the description of the photometrically observed photo type with a name of "GHOST" or a value of 2?
(7) Find the description of the photometrically observed photo type with either the name "GHOST" or a value of 2.


Re-ranked choices:
7.730  What is the description of the photometrically observed photo type with a name of "GHOST" or a value of 2?
7.728  Find the description of the photometrically observed photo type with either the name "GHOST" or a value of 2.
7.724  What is the description for a photometrically observed object with either the name "GHOST" or a value of 2 in the photo_type table?
6.329  Get the description from the photometrically observed photo type table for GHOST or for a value of 2.
5.630  Retrieve the description from the photometrically_observed table where the name is "GHOST" or the value is 2.
4.934  Retrieve the description from the table "photo_type" for entries where the name is equal to "GHOST" or the value is equal to 2.
4.932  "What is the description of the photo type called 'GHOST' or with a value of 2 for photometrically observed?"
4.932  Get the description of photo types from GHOST or with a value of 2 that have been observed photometrically.

