SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.name = "STAR" or photometrically_observed.value = 2

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "STAR" or T1.value = 2
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What are the descriptions of all objects that have a photo type of "STAR" or a value of 2 in the photometrically observed category?
(1) Find the description for photo types that are either named "STAR" or have a value of 2.
(2) Retrieve the description from the photo_type table where the name is equal to "STAR" or the value is equal to 2 and assign it to a variable called photometrically_observed.
(3) Retrieve the description from the table "photometrically_observed" for all entries where the name is "STAR" or the value is 2.
(4) "Find the description from the photo_type table for objects that are either named "STAR" or have a value of 2."
(5) Find the description of all stars that have either a name of "STAR" or a value of 2 in the photometrically observed table.
(6) "What is the description of the photometrically observed star or object with a value of 2 in the photo_type table?"
(7) Find the description of photo types where the name is "STAR" or the value is 2 in the photometrically observed table.


Re-ranked choices:
7.729  Find the description of photo types where the name is "STAR" or the value is 2 in the photometrically observed table.
7.727  Find the description of all stars that have either a name of "STAR" or a value of 2 in the photometrically observed table.
6.324  "What is the description of the photometrically observed star or object with a value of 2 in the photo_type table?"
5.627  Retrieve the description from the table "photometrically_observed" for all entries where the name is "STAR" or the value is 2.
4.924  What are the descriptions of all objects that have a photo type of "STAR" or a value of 2 in the photometrically observed category?
4.922  Retrieve the description from the photo_type table where the name is equal to "STAR" or the value is equal to 2 and assign it to a variable called photometrically_observed.
3.547  Find the description for photo types that are either named "STAR" or have a value of 2.
3.528  "Find the description from the photo_type table for objects that are either named "STAR" or have a value of 2."

