SELECT photometrically_observed.description FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.name != "NOTATYPE"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.name != "NOTATYPE"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the descriptions for all photo types in which their name is not equal to "NOTATYPE" from the photometrically_observed table.
(1) Retrieve the descriptions from the table "photo_type" where the name is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
(2) What is the description of all photometric types that are not "NOTATYPE"?
(3) What is the description for all photometrically observed photo types, excluding those with the name "NOTATYPE"?
(4) Retrieve the description of all photo types except for "NOTATYPE" from the table "photometrically_observed".
(5) Get the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the name is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
(6) Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo types, excluding those with the name "NOTATYPE".
(7) "Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the name is not 'NOTATYPE'."


Re-ranked choices:
6.328  Get the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the name is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
6.327  "Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo type where the name is not 'NOTATYPE'."
6.323  What is the description for all photometrically observed photo types, excluding those with the name "NOTATYPE"?
6.322  Retrieve the description from the photometrically observed photo types, excluding those with the name "NOTATYPE".
2.825  Get the descriptions for all photo types in which their name is not equal to "NOTATYPE" from the photometrically_observed table.
2.823  Retrieve the description of all photo types except for "NOTATYPE" from the table "photometrically_observed".
2.138  What is the description of all photometric types that are not "NOTATYPE"?
2.133  Retrieve the descriptions from the table "photo_type" where the name is not equal to "NOTATYPE".

