SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.veldisp FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects WHERE Spectroscopic_objects.scienceprimary != 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.veldisp FROM specobj AS T1 WHERE T1.scienceprimary != 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the velocity dispersion for all objects in the specobj table where the science primary flag is not equal to 1.
(1) Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the specobj table for objects that are not designated as the primary source of scientific data.
(2) Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects table for all objects that are not marked as primary science targets.
(3) "Find the velocity dispersion of spectroscopic objects that are not designated as primary science targets."
(4) Retrieve the velocity dispersion values from the table of spectroscopic objects where the object is not a primary science target.
(5) Retrieve the velocity dispersion value for all spectroscopic objects where they are not the primary object of scientific interest.
(6) Retrieve the velocity dispersion of all spectroscopic objects that are not considered as the primary science object.
(7) Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the specobj table for all objects that are not designated as primary science objects.


Re-ranked choices:
4.227  Retrieve the velocity dispersion for all objects in the specobj table where the science primary flag is not equal to 1.
4.222  Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the spectroscopic objects table for all objects that are not marked as primary science targets.
4.222  Retrieve the velocity dispersion of all spectroscopic objects that are not considered as the primary science object.
4.221  Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the specobj table for all objects that are not designated as primary science objects.
4.221  Retrieve the velocity dispersion values from the table of spectroscopic objects where the object is not a primary science target.
4.220  Retrieve the velocity dispersion from the specobj table for objects that are not designated as the primary source of scientific data.
4.220  "Find the velocity dispersion of spectroscopic objects that are not designated as primary science targets."
4.219  Retrieve the velocity dispersion value for all spectroscopic objects where they are not the primary object of scientific interest.

