SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.veldisperr FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects WHERE Spectroscopic_objects.programname != "hyades"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.veldisperr FROM specobj AS T1 WHERE T1.programname != "hyades"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that do not belong to the "hyades" program.
(1) Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects except those belonging to the program "hyades".
(2) Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that do not have a program name of "hyades".
(3) Find the velocity dispersion error from the spectroscopic objects where the program name is not "hyades".
(4) Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that are not part of the hyades program.
(5) Get the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects except those from the program named "hyades".
(6) What is the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects except those with a program name of "hyades"?
(7) What is the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, excluding those with a program name of "hyades"?


Re-ranked choices:
7.726  Find the velocity dispersion error from the spectroscopic objects where the program name is not "hyades".
7.724  Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that do not have a program name of "hyades".
7.724  What is the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects except those with a program name of "hyades"?
7.722  What is the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects in the specobj table, excluding those with a program name of "hyades"?
6.325  Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that are not part of the hyades program.
6.323  Get the velocity dispersion error for all spectroscopic objects except those from the program named "hyades".
6.323  Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects that do not belong to the "hyades" program.
6.321  Retrieve the velocity dispersion error from all spectroscopic objects except those belonging to the program "hyades".

