SELECT photometrically_observed.name FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.value != 9

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.value != 9
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the names of all objects that have been observed photometrically, but do not have a value of 9 for their photo type.
(1) "Find the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value other than 9."
(2) What are the names of photometric observations that have a value other than 9?
(3) Retrieve the name of all objects that have a photometric observation value that is not equal to 9 from the table "photo_type".
(4) "Retrieve the names of all photometrically observed objects that have a value not equal to 9 in the photo_type table."
(5) Get the name of all photometrically observed objects from the photo_type table where their value is not equal to 9.
(6) "Retrieve the names of objects from the photo_type table where their photometrically observed value is not equal to 9."
(7) "Retrieve the name of all photometrically observed objects that have a value other than 9 for their photo type."


Re-ranked choices:
5.628  "Retrieve the name of all photometrically observed objects that have a value other than 9 for their photo type."
5.627  Get the name of all photometrically observed objects from the photo_type table where their value is not equal to 9.
4.228  "Retrieve the names of objects from the photo_type table where their photometrically observed value is not equal to 9."
4.227  "Retrieve the names of all photometrically observed objects that have a value not equal to 9 in the photo_type table."
2.830  Retrieve the names of all objects that have been observed photometrically, but do not have a value of 9 for their photo type.
2.828  Retrieve the name of all objects that have a photometric observation value that is not equal to 9 from the table "photo_type".
1.434  What are the names of photometric observations that have a value other than 9?
1.433  "Find the names of all objects that have a photometric observation value other than 9."

