SELECT Spectroscopic_objects.dec FROM specobj AS Spectroscopic_objects WHERE Spectroscopic_objects.zwarning != 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.dec FROM specobj AS T1 WHERE T1.zwarning != 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the declination of all spectroscopic objects from the specobj table where the zwarning is not equal to 0.
(1) Retrieve the declination values for all spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value from the specobj table.
(2) Retrieve the declination values from the Spectroscopic_objects table for objects with a zwarning value not equal to 0.
(3) Retrieve the declination values for spectroscopic objects from the table "specobj" where the value of zwarning is not equal to 0.
(4) What are the declinations of all spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value in the specobj table?
(5) What are the declinations of spectroscopic objects where their zwarning is not equal to 0?
(6) Find the declination values for spectroscopic objects where the zwarning is not equal to zero.
(7) What are the declination values of spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value in the specobj table?


Re-ranked choices:
3.524  Retrieve the declination values from the Spectroscopic_objects table for objects with a zwarning value not equal to 0.
2.827  Find the declination values for spectroscopic objects where the zwarning is not equal to zero.
2.826  Retrieve the declination of all spectroscopic objects from the specobj table where the zwarning is not equal to 0.
2.822  Retrieve the declination values for all spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value from the specobj table.
2.822  Retrieve the declination values for spectroscopic objects from the table "specobj" where the value of zwarning is not equal to 0.
2.822  What are the declination values of spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value in the specobj table?
1.433  What are the declinations of spectroscopic objects where their zwarning is not equal to 0?
1.424  What are the declinations of all spectroscopic objects that have a non-zero zwarning value in the specobj table?

