SELECT photometrically_observed.value FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.value FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the values from the photometrically observed objects that are not described as "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
(1) Find the values of photometrically observed objects that are not galaxies.
(2) What is the value of photometrically observed objects that are not galaxies?
(3) Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are not described as galaxies.
(4) What are the values of all photometrically observed objects, excluding galaxies?
(5) Find the values from the "photometrically_observed" table where the description is not "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
(6) Find the values of all photometrically observed objects that are not described as galaxies.
(7) Retrieve the values from the column "value" in the table "photo_type" where the description is not equal to "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter." and label it as "photometrically_observed".


Re-ranked choices:
9.827  Retrieve the values from the column "value" in the table "photo_type" where the description is not equal to "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter." and label it as "photometrically_observed".
9.122  Find the values from the photometrically observed objects that are not described as "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter."
8.422  Find the values from the "photometrically_observed" table where the description is not "Galaxy: An extended object composed of many stars and other matter.".
4.929  What is the value of photometrically observed objects that are not galaxies?
3.527  Find the values of photometrically observed objects that are not galaxies.
3.527  Find the values of all photometrically observed objects that are not described as galaxies.
3.525  Retrieve the values of photometrically observed objects that are not described as galaxies.
3.522  What are the values of all photometrically observed objects, excluding galaxies?

