SELECT photometrically_observed.value FROM photo_type AS photometrically_observed WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.value FROM photo_type AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the values of objects that have been observed photometrically and are not stars.
(1) Retrieve the values from the photometrically_observed table where the description is not "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body.".
(2) Get the value from the photo_type table where the description is not equal to "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
(3) What are the values of all photometrically observed objects that are not stars?
(4) What is the value for objects observed using photometric methods, excluding stars?
(5) What is the value of photometrically observed objects that are not stars?
(6) Find the values in the column "value" from the table "photo_type" where the description is not equal to "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body." and label this information as "photometrically observed".
(7) "Retrieve the values from the photometrically observed column where the description is not 'Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body'."


Re-ranked choices:
9.129  Find the values in the column "value" from the table "photo_type" where the description is not equal to "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body." and label this information as "photometrically observed".
8.423  "Retrieve the values from the photometrically observed column where the description is not 'Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body'."
6.327  Get the value from the photo_type table where the description is not equal to "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body."
5.622  Retrieve the values from the photometrically_observed table where the description is not "Star: A self-luminous gaseous celestial body.".
4.233  What is the value of photometrically observed objects that are not stars?
2.836  What are the values of all photometrically observed objects that are not stars?
2.834  Get the values of objects that have been observed photometrically and are not stars.
2.829  What is the value for objects observed using photometric methods, excluding stars?

