SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects WHERE Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype != 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.mode FROM neighbors AS T1 WHERE T1.neighbortype != 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to zero in the neighbors table.
(1) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 0.
(2) Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to 0.
(3) "Retrieve the mode of all objects that are considered nearest neighbours and have a neighbour type other than 0 from the table 'neighbors'."
(4) "Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects that have a neighbor type that is not equal to 0 from the table 'neighbors'."
(5) Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to zero.
(6) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the type of neighbor is not equal to 0.
(7) Get the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to zero from the table named "neighbors".


Re-ranked choices:
7.058  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 0.
7.054  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the type of neighbor is not equal to 0.
7.050  Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to 0.
7.050  Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to zero.
7.036  Get the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to zero from the table named "neighbors".
7.034  Find the mode of all nearest neighbor objects whose neighbor type is not equal to zero in the neighbors table.
7.034  "Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects that have a neighbor type that is not equal to 0 from the table 'neighbors'."
7.025  "Retrieve the mode of all objects that are considered nearest neighbours and have a neighbour type other than 0 from the table 'neighbors'."

