SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photoobj AS Photometric_objects ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid = Photometric_objects.objid WHERE Photometric_objects.clean != 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photoobj AS T2 ON T1.objid = T2.objid WHERE T2.clean != 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the types of objects that are nearest neighbors to clean photometric objects from the neighbors and photoobj tables.
(1) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the objid matches with Photometric_objects table and the clean column does not equal 1.
(2) Get the type of nearest neighbour objects from the "neighbors" table where their object ID matches with that in the "photoobj" table and their cleanliness is not equal to 1.
(3) Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table for all objects in the photoobj table that are not clean.
(4) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table, where the object ID matches in both tables and the clean value is not equal to 1 in the photoobj table.
(5) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table for all Photometric objects that are not clean in the photoobj table.
(6) What are the neighbor types for objects in the "neighbors" table whose object IDs also appear in the "photoobj" table but have a "clean" value not equal to 1?
(7) Find the types of objects that are nearest neighbors to objects in the photoobj table, excluding any objects that have a "clean" value of 1 in the Photometric_objects table.


Re-ranked choices:
8.423  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table, where the object ID matches in both tables and the clean value is not equal to 1 in the photoobj table.
7.021  Get the type of nearest neighbour objects from the "neighbors" table where their object ID matches with that in the "photoobj" table and their cleanliness is not equal to 1.
6.323  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table where the objid matches with Photometric_objects table and the clean column does not equal 1.
5.625  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table for all Photometric objects that are not clean in the photoobj table.
5.625  What are the neighbor types for objects in the "neighbors" table whose object IDs also appear in the "photoobj" table but have a "clean" value not equal to 1?
4.229  Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects from the neighbors table for all objects in the photoobj table that are not clean.
3.521  Find the types of objects that are nearest neighbors to objects in the photoobj table, excluding any objects that have a "clean" value of 1 in the Photometric_objects table.
2.826  Retrieve the types of objects that are nearest neighbors to clean photometric objects from the neighbors and photoobj tables.

