SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photoobj AS Photometric_objects ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid = Photometric_objects.objid WHERE Photometric_objects.clean != 0

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photoobj AS T2 ON T1.objid = T2.objid WHERE T2.clean != 0
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the mode of nearest neighbors for objects that are in the table "neighbors" and also have a corresponding entry in the table "photoobj" where the value for "clean" is not equal to 0.
(1) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects for all photometric objects that are not clean.
(2) Find the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the corresponding object in the Photometric_objects table has a clean value of not equal to 0.
(3) Find the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects for photometric objects whose clean value is not equal to 0.
(4) "Retrieve the neighbor mode of objects from the neighbors table for photometric objects that are not clean in the photoobj table."
(5) Retrieve the "neighbormode" of nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table where their corresponding object in the photoobj table has a value for "clean" that is not equal to 0.
(6) What is the neighbor mode for the nearest neighbor objects, given that their object ID matches with those in the photoobj table and they have a clean value of not equal to 0?
(7) Find the neighbor mode for the nearest objects in the "neighbors" table where the corresponding objects in the "photoobj" table have a clean value not equal to 0.


Re-ranked choices:
9.124  Find the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the corresponding object in the Photometric_objects table has a clean value of not equal to 0.
8.427  "Retrieve the neighbor mode of objects from the neighbors table for photometric objects that are not clean in the photoobj table."
8.421  What is the neighbor mode for the nearest neighbor objects, given that their object ID matches with those in the photoobj table and they have a clean value of not equal to 0?
7.042  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects for all photometric objects that are not clean.
7.030  Find the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects for photometric objects whose clean value is not equal to 0.
7.018  Retrieve the "neighbormode" of nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table where their corresponding object in the photoobj table has a value for "clean" that is not equal to 0.
5.623  Find the neighbor mode for the nearest objects in the "neighbors" table where the corresponding objects in the "photoobj" table have a clean value not equal to 0.
5.620  Retrieve the mode of nearest neighbors for objects that are in the table "neighbors" and also have a corresponding entry in the table "photoobj" where the value for "clean" is not equal to 0.

