SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.distance FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "NotAType:"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.distance FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.description != "NotAType:"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the distance of the nearest neighboring objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those that are not a type.
(1) What is the distance of the nearest neighbors whose type is not "NotAType"?
(2) What is the distance of the nearest neighbor objects that have a photometrically observed type description that is not "NotAType:"?
(3) Retrieve the distance of nearest neighbor objects that have a photo type value and description that is not "NotAType".
(4) Find the distances of all nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that are not types.
(5) Find the distance of nearest neighbors where their type is not "NotAType:".
(6) Find the distance of the nearest neighboring objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that have a description of "NotAType:".
(7) Find the distance of nearest neighboring objects where their type is photometrically observed and the description is not "NotAType:".


Re-ranked choices:
11.923  What is the distance of the nearest neighbor objects that have a photometrically observed type description that is not "NotAType:"?
11.922  Find the distance of nearest neighboring objects where their type is photometrically observed and the description is not "NotAType:".
11.229  Retrieve the distance of nearest neighbor objects that have a photo type value and description that is not "NotAType".
7.720  Find the distance of the nearest neighboring objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that have a description of "NotAType:".
5.628  Find the distances of all nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that are not types.
5.624  Find the distance of the nearest neighboring objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those that are not a type.
4.956  Find the distance of nearest neighbors where their type is not "NotAType:".
4.252  What is the distance of the nearest neighbors whose type is not "NotAType"?

