SELECT Photometric_objects.dec FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Photometric_objects.type = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.name != "UNKNOWN"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.dec FROM photoobj AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.type = T2.value WHERE T2.name != "UNKNOWN"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the declination of objects from the photoobj table where the type is not "UNKNOWN" and it has been observed photometrically according to the values in the photo_type table.
(1) Find the declination coordinates of all objects in the "photoobj" table that have been observed photometrically and are not classified as "UNKNOWN" according to the "photo_type" table.
(2) Find the declination values for objects in the photoobj table that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with an unknown type.
(3) Get the declination values from the dec column of the photoobj table for objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with an unknown type.
(4) Get the declination of all objects in the photoobj table that have a type value corresponding to a photometrically observed type, excluding any with an "UNKNOWN" type.
(5) Find the declination values for all photometric objects from the photoobj table that have a type value corresponding to a non-UNKNOWN entry in the photo_type table.
(6) Get the declination of all photometric objects from the photoobj table where the type is not equal to "UNKNOWN" as specified in the photometrically_observed table.
(7) "Retrieve the declination values from the photoobj table for all photometric objects that have been observed and are not classified as 'UNKNOWN' according to their type in the photo_type table."


Re-ranked choices:
9.119  Get the declination of all objects in the photoobj table that have a type value corresponding to a photometrically observed type, excluding any with an "UNKNOWN" type.
7.718  Get the declination of objects from the photoobj table where the type is not "UNKNOWN" and it has been observed photometrically according to the values in the photo_type table.
6.317  "Retrieve the declination values from the photoobj table for all photometric objects that have been observed and are not classified as 'UNKNOWN' according to their type in the photo_type table."
6.316  Find the declination coordinates of all objects in the "photoobj" table that have been observed photometrically and are not classified as "UNKNOWN" according to the "photo_type" table.
5.619  Find the declination values for all photometric objects from the photoobj table that have a type value corresponding to a non-UNKNOWN entry in the photo_type table.
5.618  Get the declination of all photometric objects from the photoobj table where the type is not equal to "UNKNOWN" as specified in the photometrically_observed table.
4.920  Find the declination values for objects in the photoobj table that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with an unknown type.
4.919  Get the declination values from the dec column of the photoobj table for objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with an unknown type.

