SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.description != "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the type of the nearest neighbor objects that are not blank sky spectrograms?
(1) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically and are not described as a blank sky spectrogram.
(2) "Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects where the photometric observation is not a blank sky spectrogram."
(3) Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbors that are not blank sky spectrograms.
(4) Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that were not observed as blank sky spectrograms.
(5) Get the type of nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table where the neighbortype value matches with the value in photometrically_observed column of photo_type table, excluding those with a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".
(6) Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects where the description of photometrically observed objects is not "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".
(7) Find the types of objects that are neighbors in a spectrogram, excluding blank sky spectrograms.


Re-ranked choices:
14.019  Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects where the description of photometrically observed objects is not "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".
13.313  Get the type of nearest neighbour objects from the neighbors table where the neighbortype value matches with the value in photometrically_observed column of photo_type table, excluding those with a description of "Sky: Blank sky spectrogram (no objects in this arcsecond area)".
8.426  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically and are not described as a blank sky spectrogram.
7.044  Find the type of nearest neighbor objects that were not observed as blank sky spectrograms.
5.654  What is the type of the nearest neighbor objects that are not blank sky spectrograms?
5.627  "Retrieve the type of nearest neighbor objects where the photometric observation is not a blank sky spectrogram."
2.850  Retrieve the type of the nearest neighbors that are not blank sky spectrograms.
2.837  Find the types of objects that are neighbors in a spectrogram, excluding blank sky spectrograms.

