SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.mode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.value != 8

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.mode FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.value != 8
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 8, and the object has been observed photometrically.
(1) Retrieve the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were not photometrically observed.
(2) Get the mode of nearest neighbor objects that have a photometric observation value different from 8.
(3) "Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects where the corresponding photometrically observed value is not equal to 8."
(4) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed value is not equal to 8.
(5) Find the mode of the nearest neighbour objects that have a photometrically observed type value that is not equal to 8.
(6) Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed and whose photometric type is not equal to 8.
(7) Find the mode of the nearest neighbour objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with a value of 8.


Re-ranked choices:
11.228  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed and whose photometric type is not equal to 8.
11.227  Find the mode of the nearest neighbour objects that have a photometrically observed type value that is not equal to 8.
9.829  Find the mode of the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed value is not equal to 8.
9.825  Get the mode of nearest neighbor objects that have a photometric observation value different from 8.
9.825  "Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects where the corresponding photometrically observed value is not equal to 8."
8.426  Retrieve the mode of all nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 8, and the object has been observed photometrically.
8.425  Find the mode of the nearest neighbour objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with a value of 8.
7.028  Retrieve the mode of the nearest neighbor objects that were not photometrically observed.

