SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.name != "KNOWNOBJ"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbormode FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.name != "KNOWNOBJ"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the neighbor mode from the neighbors table for objects with a photo type that is not "KNOWNOBJ".
(1) Find the neighboring objects and their mode of observation, excluding those that are known.
(2) Find the neighboring objects' mode of observation from a table called "neighbors" and join it with a table called "photo_type" where the photometrically observed objects are not equal to those that are already known.
(3) What is the neighbormode for all neighbors in the neighbors table whose neighbortype value is not "KNOWNOBJ" and whose corresponding name in the photo_type table is "photometrically_observed"?
(4) Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to "KNOWNOBJ" and is observed photometrically.
(5) Show the neighbor mode for all nearest neighbor objects where the photo type is not "KNOWNOBJ".
(6) Get the neighbor mode of nearest neighbor objects where the photo type is not "KNOWNOBJ".
(7) "Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 'KNOWNOBJ' as observed in photometric data."


Re-ranked choices:
9.125  "Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to 'KNOWNOBJ' as observed in photometric data."
8.418  Find the neighboring objects' mode of observation from a table called "neighbors" and join it with a table called "photo_type" where the photometrically observed objects are not equal to those that are already known.
7.745  Get the neighbor mode of nearest neighbor objects where the photo type is not "KNOWNOBJ".
7.726  Retrieve the neighbor mode from the nearest neighbor objects where the neighbor type is not equal to "KNOWNOBJ" and is observed photometrically.
6.343  Show the neighbor mode for all nearest neighbor objects where the photo type is not "KNOWNOBJ".
6.338  Get the neighbor mode from the neighbors table for objects with a photo type that is not "KNOWNOBJ".
4.234  Find the neighboring objects and their mode of observation, excluding those that are known.
4.217  What is the neighbormode for all neighbors in the neighbors table whose neighbortype value is not "KNOWNOBJ" and whose corresponding name in the photo_type table is "photometrically_observed"?

