SELECT Photometric_objects.colc FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Photometric_objects.type = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "Cosmic-ray track (not used)."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.colc FROM photoobj AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.type = T2.value WHERE T2.description != "Cosmic-ray track (not used)."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Select the colc column from the photoobj table where the type column is equal to a value in the photo_type table that has a description not equal to "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(1) Retrieve the column "colc" from the table "photoobj" for all objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with a type description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(2) Retrieve the column "colc" from the table "photoobj" for all objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that were identified as cosmic-ray tracks.
(3) "Retrieve the color values from the photometric_objects table where the type column matches a value in the photo_type table and is not equal to 'Cosmic-ray track (not used)'."
(4) Find the color column for all photometric objects where the type is labeled as photometrically observed and the description is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(5) Find the column "colc" from the table "photoobj", joined with the table "photo_type" where the value in the column "type" is equal to the description in "photometrically_observed", excluding any rows where the description is "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(6) Retrieve the colc column from the Photometric_objects table for all rows where the value in the type column is described as "photometrically observed" and not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(7) Retrieve the color measurements from photometrically observed objects in the photoobj table, excluding cosmic-ray tracks.


Re-ranked choices:
11.221  Find the color column for all photometric objects where the type is labeled as photometrically observed and the description is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
10.518  Retrieve the colc column from the Photometric_objects table for all rows where the value in the type column is described as "photometrically observed" and not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
9.818  Retrieve the column "colc" from the table "photoobj" for all objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with a type description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
9.115  Find the column "colc" from the table "photoobj", joined with the table "photo_type" where the value in the column "type" is equal to the description in "photometrically_observed", excluding any rows where the description is "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
8.419  Select the colc column from the photoobj table where the type column is equal to a value in the photo_type table that has a description not equal to "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
7.721  "Retrieve the color values from the photometric_objects table where the type column matches a value in the photo_type table and is not equal to 'Cosmic-ray track (not used)'."
4.918  Retrieve the column "colc" from the table "photoobj" for all objects that have been photometrically observed, excluding those that were identified as cosmic-ray tracks.
4.917  Retrieve the color measurements from photometrically observed objects in the photoobj table, excluding cosmic-ray tracks.

