SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.name != "NOTATYPE"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.neighbortype FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.name != "NOTATYPE"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the type of nearest neighbors that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with a value of "NOTATYPE".
(1) Find the types of objects that are neighbors with other objects, where the type is photometrically observed and is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
(2) Find the types of neighbors that have been observed photometrically, excluding those that have a type named "NOTATYPE".
(3) Get the neighbor type from the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed value is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
(4) Get the neighbor type for the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed name is not "NOTATYPE".
(5) Find the neighbor type of objects in the neighbors table that have been photometrically observed and are not classified as "NOTATYPE" in the photo_type table.
(6) Retrieve the neighbor type for nearest neighbour objects where the associated photo type is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
(7) "Retrieve the type of neighbors from the 'neighbors' table that have been observed photometrically and are not labeled as 'NOTATYPE' in the 'photo_type' table."


Re-ranked choices:
9.128  Get the neighbor type for the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed name is not "NOTATYPE".
9.126  Get the neighbor type from the nearest neighbor objects where the photometrically observed value is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
7.721  Find the neighbor type of objects in the neighbors table that have been photometrically observed and are not classified as "NOTATYPE" in the photo_type table.
6.325  Find the types of objects that are neighbors with other objects, where the type is photometrically observed and is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
6.324  Retrieve the neighbor type for nearest neighbour objects where the associated photo type is not equal to "NOTATYPE".
4.924  Find the type of nearest neighbors that have been photometrically observed, excluding those with a value of "NOTATYPE".
4.922  "Retrieve the type of neighbors from the 'neighbors' table that have been observed photometrically and are not labeled as 'NOTATYPE' in the 'photo_type' table."
3.527  Find the types of neighbors that have been observed photometrically, excluding those that have a type named "NOTATYPE".

