SELECT Nearest_neighbour_objects.objid FROM neighbors AS Nearest_neighbour_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Nearest_neighbour_objects.neighbortype = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.value != 8

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.objid FROM neighbors AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.neighbortype = T2.value WHERE T2.value != 8
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the object IDs of the nearest neighbours that were photometrically observed and have a type other than 8.
(1) Find the object IDs of nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically and whose photometric observation type is not equal to 8.
(2) "Retrieve the object IDs of the nearest neighbor objects from a table of neighbors, but only for those that have not been photometrically observed."
(3) Find the objid of the nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with a value of 8.
(4) Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed and do not have a value of 8 in the photo_type table.
(5) Find the object IDs of the nearest neighbors that have been photometrically observed and have a type value different than 8.
(6) Retrieve the object IDs of the nearest neighbor objects from the table "neighbors" where the neighbor type is not equal to 8 and they have been photometrically observed.
(7) Retrieve the objid of objects that are nearest neighbors to other objects and have a photometric observation type that is not equal to 8.


Re-ranked choices:
9.824  Find the object ID of the nearest neighbor objects that have been photometrically observed and do not have a value of 8 in the photo_type table.
8.422  Find the object IDs of nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically and whose photometric observation type is not equal to 8.
7.024  Find the object IDs of the nearest neighbors that have been photometrically observed and have a type value different than 8.
7.021  Retrieve the object IDs of the nearest neighbor objects from the table "neighbors" where the neighbor type is not equal to 8 and they have been photometrically observed.
5.629  Find the object IDs of the nearest neighbours that were photometrically observed and have a type other than 8.
5.624  "Retrieve the object IDs of the nearest neighbor objects from a table of neighbors, but only for those that have not been photometrically observed."
5.623  Find the objid of the nearest neighbor objects that have been observed photometrically, excluding those with a value of 8.
2.824  Retrieve the objid of objects that are nearest neighbors to other objects and have a photometric observation type that is not equal to 8.

