SELECT Photometric_objects.run FROM photoobj AS Photometric_objects JOIN photo_type AS photometrically_observed ON Photometric_objects.type = photometrically_observed.value WHERE photometrically_observed.description != "Cosmic-ray track (not used)."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.run FROM photoobj AS T1 JOIN photo_type AS T2 ON T1.type = T2.value WHERE T2.description != "Cosmic-ray track (not used)."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the run number of all photometric objects from the photoobj table where the object type is marked as photometrically observed and is not labeled as a cosmic-ray track.
(1) Retrieve the runs from the photometric objects table where the type is equal to a value in the photo_type table that is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(2) Find the run of Photometric_objects from the photoobj table where the type is equal to photometrically_observed and the description is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(3) Retrieve the runs from the photoobj table where the object type is listed as photometrically observed, excluding any objects described as cosmic-ray tracks.
(4) Retrieve the run information for photometric objects from the photoobj table, where the type matches with the description "photometrically observed" from the photo_type table and is not equal to "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(5) Find the run of Photometric objects where their type matches a value in the photo_type table, excluding those with a description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(6) Find the run values from the photoobj table where the type matches with the value in the photo_type table and the description does not equal "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
(7) Find the name of the run from the table of photometric objects where the type matches with the description for "photometrically observed", excluding any rows with a description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".


Re-ranked choices:
11.219  Find the name of the run from the table of photometric objects where the type matches with the description for "photometrically observed", excluding any rows with a description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
11.215  Retrieve the run information for photometric objects from the photoobj table, where the type matches with the description "photometrically observed" from the photo_type table and is not equal to "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
10.519  Find the run number of all photometric objects from the photoobj table where the object type is marked as photometrically observed and is not labeled as a cosmic-ray track.
9.822  Find the run of Photometric objects where their type matches a value in the photo_type table, excluding those with a description of "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
8.423  Find the run values from the photoobj table where the type matches with the value in the photo_type table and the description does not equal "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
8.420  Find the run of Photometric_objects from the photoobj table where the type is equal to photometrically_observed and the description is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
7.024  Retrieve the runs from the photometric objects table where the type is equal to a value in the photo_type table that is not "Cosmic-ray track (not used)".
6.319  Retrieve the runs from the photoobj table where the object type is listed as photometrically observed, excluding any objects described as cosmic-ray tracks.

