SELECT count(*) FROM topics WHERE topics.title = 'Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin'

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM topics WHERE topics.title = 'Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin'
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many topics are in the category "Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin" ?
(1) How many projects in the topic called Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin?
(2) Show me the count of topics named Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
(3) Retrieve a number of topics with title Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
(4) Show me the total number of topics using the same title as Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
(5) Show me how many topics are there about Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin?
(6) How many topics are associated with the title "Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin"?
(7) Display the number of topics with title Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin.


Re-ranked choices:
9.123  Show me the total number of topics using the same title as Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
9.122  Retrieve a number of topics with title Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
9.122  Display the number of topics with title Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin.
9.122  How many topics are associated with the title "Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin"?
7.727  Show me the count of topics named Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin
7.726  Show me how many topics are there about Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin?
7.722  How many topics are in the category "Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin" ?
6.327  How many projects in the topic called Advanced HLFC fin design work: Structural design and manufacturing of operational HLFC fin?

