SELECT count(*) FROM activity_types WHERE activity_types.description = 'Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)'

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM activity_types WHERE activity_types.description = 'Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)'
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the total number of activities with description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)
(1) Show me the number of activity types present in the European Union institutions.
(2) Show me how many activity types that have the description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments) I have.
(3) How many activity types have the description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)?
(4) Show me number of activity types within this description
(5) How many activity types are assigned to public bodies?
(6) How many activity types that have a description that's contained in the label Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments) have?
(7) How many activity types are there in the EuRegics project that describe Public bodies?


Re-ranked choices:
10.517  Show me how many activity types that have the description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments) I have.
10.516  How many activity types that have a description that's contained in the label Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments) have?
9.816  How many activity types have the description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)?
7.716  What is the total number of activities with description Public bodies (excluding Research Organisations and Secondary or Higher Education Establishments)
4.233  Show me number of activity types within this description
3.538  How many activity types are assigned to public bodies?
3.535  How many activity types are there in the EuRegics project that describe Public bodies?
2.832  Show me the number of activity types present in the European Union institutions.

