SELECT subject_areas.title FROM subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = 'Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research.' and subject_areas.code = 'TEL'

###


Original Query:
SELECT subject_areas.title FROM subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = 'Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research.' and subject_areas.code = 'TEL'
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Which are the subject areas with a description "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research." and a code equals to "TEL"?
(1) SHOW THE SUBJECT AREAS TITLE THAT ARE PART OF THE PART OF THE SUBJECT AREA "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research."
(2) Show me subject areas about Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research.
(3) Show me the associated subject areas of the subject area "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research."
(4) Show me the subject area descriptions that have the code TEL
(5) Get subject areas title with description "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research." and code TEL
(6) Show the subject areas with title Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research. and code TEL
(7) Show me the subject area titles of the subject areas having code TEL


Re-ranked choices:
23.121  Get subject areas title with description "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research." and code TEL
21.721  Which are the subject areas with a description "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research." and a code equals to "TEL"?
21.720  Show the subject areas with title Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research. and code TEL
19.613  SHOW THE SUBJECT AREAS TITLE THAT ARE PART OF THE PART OF THE SUBJECT AREA "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research."
18.215  Show me subject areas about Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research.
18.213  Show me the associated subject areas of the subject area "Livestock production, crops and crop production; managerial and economic aspects of agriculture; veterinary medicine; animal husbandry; control of weeds, pests and diseases of plants; land use; forestry; agro-technology; agro-industrial research."
5.650  Show me the subject area titles of the subject areas having code TEL
3.575  Show me the subject area descriptions that have the code TEL

