SELECT projects.total_cost FROM projects JOIN people ON projects.principal_investigator = people.unics_id WHERE people.full_name != 'Matthew Keith Morris Browning'

###


Original Query:
SELECT projects.total_cost FROM projects JOIN people ON projects.principal_investigator = people.unics_id WHERE people.full_name != 'Matthew Keith Morris Browning'
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the total cost of projects where the principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning?
(1) Show the total cost for projects where the principal investigator is not "Matthew Keith Morris Browning"
(2) Show the total cost of projects whose principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning
(3) What is the total cost of projects in which someone other than Matthew Keith Morris Browning is principle investigator?
(4) Show me the total cost of projects whose principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning.
(5) What is the total cost of the projects assigned to people whose full name is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning?
(6) What is the total cost of projects assigned to a principal investigator different from 'Matthew Keith Morris Browning'?
(7) Show what is the total cost of projects where the principal investigator is not "Matthew Keith Morris Browning"


Re-ranked choices:
10.539  What is the total cost of the projects assigned to people whose full name is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning?
9.832  Show the total cost for projects where the principal investigator is not "Matthew Keith Morris Browning"
9.829  Show the total cost of projects whose principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning
9.829  Show what is the total cost of projects where the principal investigator is not "Matthew Keith Morris Browning"
9.826  What is the total cost of projects assigned to a principal investigator different from 'Matthew Keith Morris Browning'?
9.132  Show me the total cost of projects whose principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning.
9.130  What is the total cost of projects where the principal investigator is not Matthew Keith Morris Browning?
7.026  What is the total cost of projects in which someone other than Matthew Keith Morris Browning is principle investigator?

