SELECT differential_expression.expression_change_direction FROM differential_expression AS differential_expression WHERE differential_expression.subjects_up = 89

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.expression_change_direction FROM differential_expression AS T1 WHERE T1.subjects_up = 89
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the expression change direction from the table of differential expression for subjects with 89 up-regulated genes.
(1) Find the expression change direction from the differential expression table where the number of subjects up is 89.
(2) Find the direction of expression change from the table of differential expression where the number of subjects up is equal to 89.
(3) Retrieve the expression change direction from the table of differential expressions for subjects where the number of subjects increased is 89.
(4) Retrieve the expression change direction from the differential expression table where the number of subjects up is equal to 89.
(5) What is the expression change direction for all instances of differential expression where the number of subjects up is 89?
(6) What is the expression change direction for subjects with 89 up-regulated genes in a differential expression analysis?
(7) What is the expression change direction for differential expressions where the number of subjects up is 89?


Re-ranked choices:
8.430  What is the expression change direction for differential expressions where the number of subjects up is 89?
8.428  Find the direction of expression change from the table of differential expression where the number of subjects up is equal to 89.
8.427  What is the expression change direction for all instances of differential expression where the number of subjects up is 89?
8.426  Find the expression change direction from the differential expression table where the number of subjects up is 89.
8.424  Retrieve the expression change direction from the differential expression table where the number of subjects up is equal to 89.
7.024  Retrieve the expression change direction from the table of differential expressions for subjects where the number of subjects increased is 89.
7.022  Find the expression change direction from the table of differential expression for subjects with 89 up-regulated genes.
7.022  What is the expression change direction for subjects with 89 up-regulated genes in a differential expression analysis?

