SELECT anatomical_entity.name FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity WHERE anatomical_entity.description = "A cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla that lies under the floor of the fourth ventricle. It mostly serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations. The cell bodies for the preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart reside in the nucleus ambiguus.[WP,unvetted]."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM anatomical_entity AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "A cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla that lies under the floor of the fourth ventricle. It mostly serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations. The cell bodies for the preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart reside in the nucleus ambiguus.[WP,unvetted]."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the name of the anatomical entity for a cranial nerve nucleus in the medulla that is responsible for parasympathetic functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract and lungs, located under the fourth ventricle and containing cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart.
(1) What is the name of the cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve located in the medulla and serving parasympathetic functions in various areas including the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal regions, with cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons residing in the nucleus ambiguus?
(2) What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic functions for the vagus nerve in the medulla and includes cell bodies for preganglionic neurons that innervate the heart?
(3) Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that serves as a cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla, located under the fourth ventricle and mainly responsible for parasympathetic functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and heart.
(4) Get the name of the anatomical entity from the anatomical_entity table where the description is "A cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla that lies under the floor of the fourth ventricle. It mostly serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations. The cell bodies for the preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart reside in
(5) Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that represents a cranial nerve nucleus in the medulla responsible for parasympathetic vagal functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and heart.
(6) What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations, resides under the floor of the fourth ventricle in the medulla, and contains cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart?
(7) What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic functions for the vagus nerve in the medulla, is located under the fourth ventricle, and contains cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons innervating the heart?


Re-ranked choices:
27.320  Get the name of the anatomical entity from the anatomical_entity table where the description is "A cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla that lies under the floor of the fourth ventricle. It mostly serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations. The cell bodies for the preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart reside in
19.612  Find the name of the anatomical entity for a cranial nerve nucleus in the medulla that is responsible for parasympathetic functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract and lungs, located under the fourth ventricle and containing cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart.
18.912  What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic vagal functions in the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal vagal innervations, resides under the floor of the fourth ventricle in the medulla, and contains cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons that innervate the heart?
15.415  Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that serves as a cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve in the medulla, located under the fourth ventricle and mainly responsible for parasympathetic functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and heart.
15.415  What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic functions for the vagus nerve in the medulla, is located under the fourth ventricle, and contains cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons innervating the heart?
14.720  What is the name of the anatomical entity that serves parasympathetic functions for the vagus nerve in the medulla and includes cell bodies for preganglionic neurons that innervate the heart?
14.711  What is the name of the cranial nerve nucleus for the vagus nerve located in the medulla and serving parasympathetic functions in various areas including the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and other thoracic and abdominal regions, with cell bodies for preganglionic parasympathetic vagal neurons residing in the nucleus ambiguus?
13.318  Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that represents a cranial nerve nucleus in the medulla responsible for parasympathetic vagal functions in organs such as the gastrointestinal tract, lungs, and heart.

