SELECT differential_expression.subjects_up FROM differential_expression AS differential_expression WHERE differential_expression.subjects_down = 52

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.subjects_up FROM differential_expression AS T1 WHERE T1.subjects_down = 52
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the subjects that have an increase in expression from the differential_expression table where the number of subjects with a decrease in expression is equal to 52.
(1) Find the number of subjects with an increase in expression from the table "differential_expression" where the number of subjects with a decrease in expression is equal to 52.
(2) Retrieve the number of subjects with increased expression from a table of differential expression where the number of subjects with decreased expression is equal to 52.
(3) Retrieve the list of subjects who have a higher expression compared to a given subject with an ID of 52 in the table "differential_expression".
(4) Retrieve the number of subjects that have increased differential expression from the table differential_expression where the number of subjects with decreased differential expression is 52.
(5) Get the list of subjects whose number of down differential expressions is equal to 52 from the table "differential_expression".
(6) Retrieve the number of subjects with increased expression from a table of differential expression where the number of subjects with decreased expression is equal to 52.
(7) Retrieve the list of subjects that have a difference in expression level between two conditions where the number of down-regulated subjects is 52.


Re-ranked choices:
4.225  Get the list of subjects whose number of down differential expressions is equal to 52 from the table "differential_expression".
4.221  Retrieve the number of subjects with increased expression from a table of differential expression where the number of subjects with decreased expression is equal to 52.
4.217  Retrieve the number of subjects that have increased differential expression from the table differential_expression where the number of subjects with decreased differential expression is 52.
2.824  Retrieve the list of subjects who have a higher expression compared to a given subject with an ID of 52 in the table "differential_expression".
2.822  Retrieve the list of subjects that have a difference in expression level between two conditions where the number of down-regulated subjects is 52.
2.822  Retrieve the subjects that have an increase in expression from the differential_expression table where the number of subjects with a decrease in expression is equal to 52.
2.821  Find the number of subjects with an increase in expression from the table "differential_expression" where the number of subjects with a decrease in expression is equal to 52.

