SELECT biomarker_alias.alias FROM biomarker_alias AS biomarker_alias JOIN biomarker AS biomarker ON biomarker_alias.biomarker_internal_id = biomarker.id WHERE biomarker.biomarker_description = "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been described. [provided by RefSeq, Apr 2012]"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.alias FROM biomarker_alias AS T1 JOIN biomarker AS T2 ON T1.biomarker_internal_id = T2.id WHERE T2.biomarker_description = "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been described. [provided by RefSeq, Apr 2012]"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the alias of the biomarker from the "biomarker_alias" table where the biomarker's description is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively
(1) Find the alias of the biomarker from the biomarker_alias table where the description in biomarker is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript
(2) Find the alias names of biomarkers that are associated with a gene in NCBI Entrez Gene, which encodes an anterograde motor protein responsible for transporting membranous organelles along axonal microtubules and has been linked to spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC.
(3) What are the aliases for biomarkers that have an associated gene with the function of transporting organelles along microtubules and have been linked to spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC?
(4) What are the biomarker aliases for a protein that is encoded by a gene from NCBI Entrez Gene, functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules, has mutations associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC, and has alternatively spliced transcript variants?
(5) Get all of the aliases for biomarkers from the NCBI Entrez Gene database that have a description stating they are members of the kinesin family and function as anterograde motor proteins, with mutations associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC, and have alternative spliced variants.
(6) Retrieve the alias from the biomarker_alias table for a specific biomarker description that is associated with a gene from NCBI Entrez Gene, encodes a kinesin family member, and acts as an anterograde motor protein.
(7) Retrieve the biomarker aliases from the biomarker_alias table where the associated biomarker's description is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript variants


Re-ranked choices:
31.519  Find the alias of the biomarker from the biomarker_alias table where the description in biomarker is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript
30.817  Retrieve the biomarker aliases from the biomarker_alias table where the associated biomarker's description is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively spliced transcript variants
30.114  Retrieve the alias of the biomarker from the "biomarker_alias" table where the biomarker's description is "From NCBI Entrez Gene: The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kinesin family and functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules. Mutations at this locus have been associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC. Alternatively
21.711  What are the biomarker aliases for a protein that is encoded by a gene from NCBI Entrez Gene, functions as an anterograde motor protein that transports membranous organelles along axonal microtubules, has mutations associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC, and has alternatively spliced transcript variants?
18.212  Find the alias names of biomarkers that are associated with a gene in NCBI Entrez Gene, which encodes an anterograde motor protein responsible for transporting membranous organelles along axonal microtubules and has been linked to spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC.
16.112  Get all of the aliases for biomarkers from the NCBI Entrez Gene database that have a description stating they are members of the kinesin family and function as anterograde motor proteins, with mutations associated with spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC, and have alternative spliced variants.
13.317  Retrieve the alias from the biomarker_alias table for a specific biomarker description that is associated with a gene from NCBI Entrez Gene, encodes a kinesin family member, and acts as an anterograde motor protein.
11.918  What are the aliases for biomarkers that have an associated gene with the function of transporting organelles along microtubules and have been linked to spastic paraplegia-30 and hereditary sensory neuropathy IIC?

