SELECT anatomical_entity.id, count(*) FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity  GROUP BY anatomical_entity.id

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.id, count(*) FROM anatomical_entity AS T1  GROUP BY T1.id
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Count the number of records in the "anatomical_entity" table and group them by their unique identifier.
(1) How many anatomical entities are there in the table, and how many rows does each entity have?
(2) "How many records are in the anatomical_entity table, grouped by their corresponding id and including a count for each group?"
(3) Count the number of occurrences for each anatomical entity and group them by their corresponding ID.
(4) How many anatomical entities are there in the table, and how many occurrences of each entity are listed?
(5) Get the id and count for each anatomical entity from the table "anatomical_entity", grouping them by their respective id.
(6) "How many times does each anatomical entity appear in the table and what is its corresponding ID number?"
(7) What is the count of occurrences for each unique anatomical entity in the anatomical_entity table?


Re-ranked choices:
4.924  Get the id and count for each anatomical entity from the table "anatomical_entity", grouping them by their respective id.
4.229  "How many times does each anatomical entity appear in the table and what is its corresponding ID number?"
3.532  Count the number of occurrences for each anatomical entity and group them by their corresponding ID.
2.839  How many anatomical entities are there in the table, and how many rows does each entity have?
2.829  How many anatomical entities are there in the table, and how many occurrences of each entity are listed?
2.829  What is the count of occurrences for each unique anatomical entity in the anatomical_entity table?
2.128  "How many records are in the anatomical_entity table, grouped by their corresponding id and including a count for each group?"
0.732  Count the number of records in the "anatomical_entity" table and group them by their unique identifier.

