SELECT count(*) FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity WHERE anatomical_entity.description = "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM anatomical_entity AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many anatomical entities have a description that states they are located in the vertebral canal and continuous with the brain, composed of gray matter and white matter, and surrounds the central canal?
(1) How many anatomical entities are there that have a description of "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal."?
(2) How many anatomical entities have a description that matches "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"?
(3) How many anatomical entities are there that have the description of being a part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal below the brain, with an inner core composed primarily of nerve cells and an outer layer mainly consisting of myelinated nerve fibers, surrounding a central canal?
(4) How many anatomical entities have a description that matches "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"?
(5) How many anatomical entities have a description that includes "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"?
(6) How many anatomical entities have a description that states it is part of the central nervous system, located in the vertebral canal, continuous with and caudal to the brain, and demarcated from the brain by the plane of foramen magnum; composed of an inner core of gray matter with nerve cells predominating and an outer layer of white matter with myelinated nerve fibers predominating; and surrounds the central canal as defined by CUMBO?
(7) How many anatomical entities are there that have a description of being located in the vertebral canal, continuous with and caudal to the brain, and composed of an inner core of gray matter and an outer layer of white matter?


Re-ranked choices:
26.617  How many anatomical entities have a description that matches "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"?
26.617  How many anatomical entities have a description that includes "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal. (CUMBO)"?
25.919  How many anatomical entities are there that have a description of "Part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal continuous with and caudal to the brain; demarcated from brain by plane of foramen magnum. It is composed of an inner core of gray matter in which nerve cells predominate, and an outer layer of white matter in which myelinated nerve fibers predominate, and surrounds the central canal."?
23.809  How many anatomical entities have a description that states it is part of the central nervous system, located in the vertebral canal, continuous with and caudal to the brain, and demarcated from the brain by the plane of foramen magnum; composed of an inner core of gray matter with nerve cells predominating and an outer layer of white matter with myelinated nerve fibers predominating; and surrounds the central canal as defined by CUMBO?
14.713  How many anatomical entities are there that have the description of being a part of the central nervous system located in the vertebral canal below the brain, with an inner core composed primarily of nerve cells and an outer layer mainly consisting of myelinated nerve fibers, surrounding a central canal?
13.317  How many anatomical entities are there that have a description of being located in the vertebral canal, continuous with and caudal to the brain, and composed of an inner core of gray matter and an outer layer of white matter?
11.920  How many anatomical entities have a description that states they are located in the vertebral canal and continuous with the brain, composed of gray matter and white matter, and surrounds the central canal?

