SELECT count(*) FROM biomarker AS biomarker WHERE biomarker.biomarker_description = "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression during development. Alternative splicing of transcripts from this gene results in multiple transcript variants. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2008]"

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM biomarker AS T1 WHERE T1.biomarker_description = "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression during development. Alternative splicing of transcripts from this gene results in multiple transcript variants. [provided by RefSeq, Jul 2008]"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many biomarkers are there that have the description "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins" and may function as transcriptional repressors during cellular proliferation, potentially through interaction with polycomb group protein complexes?
(1) How many biomarkers are described as binding to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins and potentially functioning as transcriptional repressors during cellular proliferation, interacting with a polycomb group protein complex involved in developmental gene expression, and having multiple transcript variants due to alternative splicing?
(2) How many biomarkers have a description that states they bind to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, act as transcriptional repressors, and may play a role in cellular proliferation?
(3) How many biomarkers have a description stating they bind to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, act as a transcriptional repressor during cellular proliferation, can dimerize with CTBP2, and interact with a polycomb group protein complex involved in regulating gene expression during development?
(4) How many rows are in the biomarker table where the biomarker description is equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which
(5) How many biomarkers have a description that is equivalent to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression
(6) How many biomarkers have a description that matches "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression during development
(7) How many biomarkers are there with a description that states it binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, acts as a transcriptional repressor, and may play a role in cellular proliferation?


Re-ranked choices:
29.422  How many biomarkers have a description that matches "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression during development
28.722  How many biomarkers have a description that is equivalent to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which participates in regulation of gene expression
28.024  How many rows are in the biomarker table where the biomarker description is equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins. This phosphoprotein is a transcriptional repressor and may play a role during cellular proliferation. This protein and the product of a second closely related gene, CTBP2, can dimerize. Both proteins can also interact with a polycomb group protein complex which
16.813  How many biomarkers are there that have the description "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a protein that binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins" and may function as transcriptional repressors during cellular proliferation, potentially through interaction with polycomb group protein complexes?
15.413  How many biomarkers have a description stating they bind to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, act as a transcriptional repressor during cellular proliferation, can dimerize with CTBP2, and interact with a polycomb group protein complex involved in regulating gene expression during development?
14.011  How many biomarkers are described as binding to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins and potentially functioning as transcriptional repressors during cellular proliferation, interacting with a polycomb group protein complex involved in developmental gene expression, and having multiple transcript variants due to alternative splicing?
11.919  How many biomarkers are there with a description that states it binds to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, acts as a transcriptional repressor, and may play a role in cellular proliferation?
10.519  How many biomarkers have a description that states they bind to the C-terminus of adenovirus E1A proteins, act as transcriptional repressors, and may play a role in cellular proliferation?

