SELECT cancer_tissue.uberon_anatomical_id FROM cancer_tissue AS cancer_tissue    ORDER BY cancer_tissue.doid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.uberon_anatomical_id FROM cancer_tissue AS T1    ORDER BY T1.doid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the highest corresponding uberon anatomical id for a cancer tissue ordered by doid descending with a limit of 1?
(1) What is the anatomical ID of the latest cancer tissue listed in the database, sorted by descending DOID?
(2) Show the anatomical identifier from the cancer tissue table in order of the disease identifier, limited to one result.
(3) What is the Uberon anatomical ID of the cancer tissue in descending order by DOID, with a limit of 1?
(4) Show the unique uberon anatomical ID from the cancer tissue table, ordered by descending DOID and limited to one result.
(5) Find the UBeron anatomical ID from the cancer tissue table, ordered by descending DOID and limit the results to one row.
(6) Get the uberon anatomical ID of the most recently added cancer tissue from the cancer_tissue table, sorted in descending order by doid, with a limit of 1.
(7) Retrieve the uberon anatomical ID of the cancer tissue from the table "cancer_tissue" in descending order based on their doid, with a limit of 1 result.


Re-ranked choices:
9.124  Find the UBeron anatomical ID from the cancer tissue table, ordered by descending DOID and limit the results to one row.
9.123  Show the unique uberon anatomical ID from the cancer tissue table, ordered by descending DOID and limited to one result.
9.121  What is the highest corresponding uberon anatomical id for a cancer tissue ordered by doid descending with a limit of 1?
7.728  What is the Uberon anatomical ID of the cancer tissue in descending order by DOID, with a limit of 1?
7.721  Get the uberon anatomical ID of the most recently added cancer tissue from the cancer_tissue table, sorted in descending order by doid, with a limit of 1.
7.021  Retrieve the uberon anatomical ID of the cancer tissue from the table "cancer_tissue" in descending order based on their doid, with a limit of 1 result.
6.327  What is the anatomical ID of the latest cancer tissue listed in the database, sorted by descending DOID?
4.223  Show the anatomical identifier from the cancer tissue table in order of the disease identifier, limited to one result.

