SELECT disease_mutation_article.disease_mutation_id FROM disease_mutation_article AS disease_mutation_article    ORDER BY disease_mutation_article.pmid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.disease_mutation_id FROM disease_mutation_article AS T1    ORDER BY T1.pmid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the ID of the disease-mutation with the most recent PubMed ID in the disease-mutation-article table?
(1) What is the latest disease mutation article's ID in descending order based on its PMID?
(2) Retrieve the ID of the disease mutation from the article with the highest PMID value.
(3) Get the disease mutation ID for the most recent article in descending order by PubMed ID from the disease mutation article table.
(4) "Retrieve the disease-mutation ID from the most recent article in the database, sorted by publication date."
(5) Find the disease-mutation ID of the most recently published article in the table "disease_mutation_article", ordered by the PMID column in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(6) Find the disease mutation ID for the most recent article, ordered by publication date.
(7) "Get the ID of the disease-mutation pair from the most recent article, sorted by publication date in descending order, with a limit of 1."


Re-ranked choices:
7.037  Retrieve the ID of the disease mutation from the article with the highest PMID value.
6.323  Get the disease mutation ID for the most recent article in descending order by PubMed ID from the disease mutation article table.
5.633  What is the latest disease mutation article's ID in descending order based on its PMID?
4.930  Find the disease mutation ID for the most recent article, ordered by publication date.
4.918  Find the disease-mutation ID of the most recently published article in the table "disease_mutation_article", ordered by the PMID column in descending order, with a limit of one result.
3.525  "Retrieve the disease-mutation ID from the most recent article in the database, sorted by publication date."
2.124  "Get the ID of the disease-mutation pair from the most recent article, sorted by publication date in descending order, with a limit of 1."
1.424  What is the ID of the disease-mutation with the most recent PubMed ID in the disease-mutation-article table?

