SELECT disease_mutation.peptide_pos FROM disease_mutation AS disease_mutation    ORDER BY disease_mutation.aa_pos_uniprotkb DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.peptide_pos FROM disease_mutation AS T1    ORDER BY T1.aa_pos_uniprotkb DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the highest peptide position for disease mutations in the database, sorted by amino acid position in the UniprotKB?
(1) Retrieve the highest value of the peptide position column in the disease_mutation table, sorted in descending order by the aa_pos_uniprotkb column and limited to only one result.
(2) Get the peptide position from the disease_mutation table, sort by the aa_pos_uniprotkb column in descending order, and return only one row.
(3) Get the peptide position from the table disease_mutation and sort it by the uniprotkb amino acid position in descending order, then return only one result.
(4) Retrieve the last position of the peptide from the table of disease mutations, sorted by the amino acid position in UniProtKB in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(5) Retrieve the peptide position from the disease mutation table and sort it in descending order by the amino acid position on UniProtKB, with a limit of one result.
(6) Retrieve the peptide position from the disease mutation table, ordered by amino acid position in UniProtKB in descending order, with a limit of one result.
(7) Get the peptide position from the disease mutation table, ordering by the amino acid position in UniprotKB in descending order and limiting to one result.


Re-ranked choices:
6.320  Retrieve the peptide position from the disease mutation table, ordered by amino acid position in UniProtKB in descending order, with a limit of one result.
6.320  Get the peptide position from the disease mutation table, ordering by the amino acid position in UniprotKB in descending order and limiting to one result.
4.920  Retrieve the peptide position from the disease mutation table and sort it in descending order by the amino acid position on UniProtKB, with a limit of one result.
4.919  Retrieve the last position of the peptide from the table of disease mutations, sorted by the amino acid position in UniProtKB in descending order, with a limit of one result.
3.525  What is the highest peptide position for disease mutations in the database, sorted by amino acid position in the UniprotKB?
3.520  Get the peptide position from the table disease_mutation and sort it by the uniprotkb amino acid position in descending order, then return only one result.
2.118  Get the peptide position from the disease_mutation table, sort by the aa_pos_uniprotkb column in descending order, and return only one row.
2.115  Retrieve the highest value of the peptide position column in the disease_mutation table, sorted in descending order by the aa_pos_uniprotkb column and limited to only one result.

