SELECT biomarker_fda_test.test_approval_status FROM biomarker_fda_test AS biomarker_fda_test    ORDER BY biomarker_fda_test.doid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.test_approval_status FROM biomarker_fda_test AS T1    ORDER BY T1.doid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the test approval status from the most recent FDA test for biomarkers, ordered by descending disease ontology identifier and limited to one result.
(1) What is the approval status of the latest biomarker FDA test in descending order by DOID?
(2) What is the approval status of the most recent biomarker test recorded in the FDA database?
(3) Find the approval status of biomarker FDA test by ordering it based on the disease ontology ID in descending order and selecting only the top result.
(4) "Retrieve the approval status of the latest biomarker test in the FDA database, sorted by descending disease identifier and limited to one result."
(5) Find the approval status of the latest biomarker test in the FDA database, sorted by descending disease ID.
(6) Retrieve the test approval status for all biomarkers from the FDA in descending order by the date of initial discovery, and limit the results to one entry.
(7) "Get the test approval status from the last record in the biomarker FDA test table, ordered by descending disease ID and limit the results to 1."


Re-ranked choices:
7.737  What is the approval status of the latest biomarker FDA test in descending order by DOID?
7.733  Find the approval status of the latest biomarker test in the FDA database, sorted by descending disease ID.
7.727  "Get the test approval status from the last record in the biomarker FDA test table, ordered by descending disease ID and limit the results to 1."
7.722  Find the approval status of biomarker FDA test by ordering it based on the disease ontology ID in descending order and selecting only the top result.
7.722  "Retrieve the approval status of the latest biomarker test in the FDA database, sorted by descending disease identifier and limited to one result."
7.042  What is the approval status of the most recent biomarker test recorded in the FDA database?
6.324  Retrieve the test approval status for all biomarkers from the FDA in descending order by the date of initial discovery, and limit the results to one entry.
6.320  Retrieve the test approval status from the most recent FDA test for biomarkers, ordered by descending disease ontology identifier and limited to one result.

