SELECT differential_expression.subjects_down FROM differential_expression AS differential_expression    ORDER BY differential_expression.doid DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.subjects_down FROM differential_expression AS T1    ORDER BY T1.doid DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the subjects that are downregulated from the table of differential expression, sorted in descending order by disease ontology identifier and limited to one result.
(1) Retrieve the list of subjects who have a down-regulated gene expression from the latest entry in the table of differential gene expression results, ordered by disease ontology ID in descending order and limited to one result.
(2) Retrieve the names of all subjects that have down-regulated gene expression from the most recent differential expression record, ordered by disease ontology identifier in descending order, with a limit of 1 record.
(3) "Retrieve the subjects with down-regulated gene expression from the latest differential expression data, sorted by their associated disease term and limit the results to one record."
(4) Retrieve the number of subjects that have down-regulated differential expression from the most recent entry in the differential_expression table, ordered by descending disease ontology identifier and limited to only one result.
(5) Retrieve the list of subjects with down-regulated differential expression values from the most recent entry in the database, ordered by DOID code.
(6) Retrieve the subjects that have down-regulated gene expression from the most recent entry in the differential expression database, ordered by descending disease ontology ID.
(7) "Retrieve the subjects that have down-regulated gene expression in descending order, limited to the latest disease with a corresponding DOID code."


Re-ranked choices:
6.321  Retrieve the list of subjects with down-regulated differential expression values from the most recent entry in the database, ordered by DOID code.
4.918  "Retrieve the subjects with down-regulated gene expression from the latest differential expression data, sorted by their associated disease term and limit the results to one record."
4.917  Retrieve the subjects that have down-regulated gene expression from the most recent entry in the differential expression database, ordered by descending disease ontology ID.
4.917  Retrieve the names of all subjects that have down-regulated gene expression from the most recent differential expression record, ordered by disease ontology identifier in descending order, with a limit of 1 record.
4.915  Retrieve the list of subjects who have a down-regulated gene expression from the latest entry in the table of differential gene expression results, ordered by disease ontology ID in descending order and limited to one result.
4.914  Retrieve the number of subjects that have down-regulated differential expression from the most recent entry in the differential_expression table, ordered by descending disease ontology identifier and limited to only one result.
4.219  "Retrieve the subjects that have down-regulated gene expression in descending order, limited to the latest disease with a corresponding DOID code."
3.516  Get the subjects that are downregulated from the table of differential expression, sorted in descending order by disease ontology identifier and limited to one result.

