SELECT anatomical_entity.id FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity WHERE anatomical_entity.name = "prostate gland ventral lobe" and anatomical_entity.description = "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm. [WP,unvetted]."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.id FROM anatomical_entity AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "prostate gland ventral lobe" and T1.description = "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm. [WP,unvetted]."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the ID of the anatomical entity that has the name "prostate gland ventral lobe" and description "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."?
(1) Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the prostate gland ventral lobe that is called "supraoptic nucleus" and has a description of "a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus, located at the base of the brain near the optic chiasm".
(2) Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the prostate gland ventral lobe that is described as the supraoptic nucleus, which is a nucleus made up of large neurosecretory cells located in the hypothalamus near the optic chiasm.
(3) Retrieve the ID of the anatomical entity "prostate gland ventral lobe" that has the description "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
(4) Find the ID for the anatomical entity named "prostate gland ventral lobe" with a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
(5) What is the ID of the anatomical entity "prostate gland ventral lobe" with a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."?
(6) Find the ID of the anatomical entity that is named "prostate gland ventral lobe" and has a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
(7) Find the ID of the anatomical entity called "prostate gland ventral lobe" that has a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."


Re-ranked choices:
21.717  What is the ID of the anatomical entity that has the name "prostate gland ventral lobe" and description "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."?
20.318  Retrieve the ID of the anatomical entity "prostate gland ventral lobe" that has the description "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
20.318  Find the ID for the anatomical entity named "prostate gland ventral lobe" with a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
20.318  What is the ID of the anatomical entity "prostate gland ventral lobe" with a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."?
20.317  Find the ID of the anatomical entity called "prostate gland ventral lobe" that has a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
20.317  Find the ID of the anatomical entity that is named "prostate gland ventral lobe" and has a description of "The supraoptic nucleus (SON) is a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus of the mammalian brain. The nucleus is situated at the base of the brain, adjacent to the optic chiasm."
17.512  Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the prostate gland ventral lobe that is called "supraoptic nucleus" and has a description of "a nucleus of magnocellular neurosecretory cells in the hypothalamus, located at the base of the brain near the optic chiasm".
13.315  Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the prostate gland ventral lobe that is described as the supraoptic nucleus, which is a nucleus made up of large neurosecretory cells located in the hypothalamus near the optic chiasm.

