SELECT healthy_expression.uberon_developmental_id FROM healthy_expression AS healthy_expression WHERE healthy_expression.call_quality = "GOLD" and healthy_expression.expression_level_anatomical_relative = "LOW"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.uberon_developmental_id FROM healthy_expression AS T1 WHERE T1.call_quality = "GOLD" and T1.expression_level_anatomical_relative = "LOW"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the developmental ID from the healthy expression dataset for those with a call quality of "GOLD" and a low relative anatomical expression level.
(1) Get the IDs of all developmental stages from healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the relative anatomical expression level is "LOW".
(2) Retrieve the developmental identifiers from healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the anatomical relative expression level is "LOW".
(3) What are the uberon developmental IDs for healthy expressions with a call quality of "GOLD" and a relative anatomical expression level of "LOW"?
(4) What are the UBeron developmental IDs for healthy expressions that have a call quality of "GOLD" and an anatomical expression level that is relatively low?
(5) Retrieve the unique IDs for all developmental stages in which the expression level is considered low and the call quality is designated as "GOLD" from a table called healthy_expression.
(6) Find the uberon developmental ID from the healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the expression level is relatively low in anatomical terms.
(7) Retrieve the uberon developmental ID from the healthy expression table where the call quality is "GOLD" and the expression level anatomical relative is "LOW".


Re-ranked choices:
15.420  Retrieve the uberon developmental ID from the healthy expression table where the call quality is "GOLD" and the expression level anatomical relative is "LOW".
14.021  What are the uberon developmental IDs for healthy expressions with a call quality of "GOLD" and a relative anatomical expression level of "LOW"?
14.019  Find the uberon developmental ID from the healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the expression level is relatively low in anatomical terms.
12.623  Get the IDs of all developmental stages from healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the relative anatomical expression level is "LOW".
12.622  Retrieve the developmental ID from the healthy expression dataset for those with a call quality of "GOLD" and a low relative anatomical expression level.
12.619  Retrieve the developmental identifiers from healthy expression data where the call quality is "GOLD" and the anatomical relative expression level is "LOW".
11.921  What are the UBeron developmental IDs for healthy expressions that have a call quality of "GOLD" and an anatomical expression level that is relatively low?
8.418  Retrieve the unique IDs for all developmental stages in which the expression level is considered low and the call quality is designated as "GOLD" from a table called healthy_expression.

