SELECT species.genus FROM species AS species WHERE species.species = "musculus" or species.speciescommonname = "mouse"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.genus FROM species AS T1 WHERE T1.species = "musculus" or T1.speciescommonname = "mouse"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the genus of species with the species name "musculus" or the common name "mouse".
(1) Find the genus of all species in the "species" table where the species is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
(2) What is the genus of the species with the name "musculus" or with the common name "mouse"?
(3) Retrieve the genus name of all species from the "species" table where the species is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
(4) Find the genus of a species with the name "musculus" or the common name "mouse" in a table called "species".
(5) Find the genus of all species in the "species" table where the species name is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
(6) What is the genus of species that has a species name of "musculus" or a common name of "mouse"?
(7) Retrieve the genus of all species where the species name is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".


Re-ranked choices:
4.248  What is the genus of the species with the name "musculus" or with the common name "mouse"?
4.245  Retrieve the genus of species with the species name "musculus" or the common name "mouse".
4.245  Retrieve the genus of all species where the species name is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
4.243  What is the genus of species that has a species name of "musculus" or a common name of "mouse"?
4.241  Find the genus of a species with the name "musculus" or the common name "mouse" in a table called "species".
4.238  Find the genus of all species in the "species" table where the species is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
4.237  Retrieve the genus name of all species from the "species" table where the species is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".
4.237  Find the genus of all species in the "species" table where the species name is "musculus" or the common name is "mouse".

