SELECT anatomical_entity.id FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity WHERE anatomical_entity.name = "cerebellar vermis" or anatomical_entity.description = "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.id FROM anatomical_entity AS T1 WHERE T1.name = "cerebellar vermis" or T1.description = "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the ID of the anatomical entity that is either named "cerebellar vermis" or described as a blood vessel that is part of a brain.
(1) Find the ID of an anatomical entity named "cerebellar vermis" or described as a blood vessel that is part of a brain.
(2) Find the ID of the anatomical entity called "cerebellar vermis" or that has a description of being a blood vessel in the brain.
(3) Find the ID of the anatomical entity for which either the name is "cerebellar vermis" or the description is "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]".
(4) Find the ID of the anatomical entity named "cerebellar vermis" or with a description that includes "A blood vessel that is part of a brain".
(5) Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the cerebellar vermis or that is described as a blood vessel within the brain.
(6) Find the identifier of an anatomical entity in the table "anatomical_entity" that has a name "cerebellar vermis" or a description "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]."
(7) Find the ID of an anatomical entity that has a name of "cerebellar vermis" or a description stating it is a blood vessel within the brain.


Re-ranked choices:
15.417  Find the ID of the anatomical entity for which either the name is "cerebellar vermis" or the description is "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]".
13.315  Find the identifier of an anatomical entity in the table "anatomical_entity" that has a name "cerebellar vermis" or a description "A blood vessel that is part of a brain [Automatically generated definition]."
11.926  Find the ID of the anatomical entity named "cerebellar vermis" or with a description that includes "A blood vessel that is part of a brain".
11.923  Find the ID of an anatomical entity that has a name of "cerebellar vermis" or a description stating it is a blood vessel within the brain.
10.525  Find the ID of the anatomical entity called "cerebellar vermis" or that has a description of being a blood vessel in the brain.
9.829  Find the ID of an anatomical entity named "cerebellar vermis" or described as a blood vessel that is part of a brain.
9.826  Find the ID of the anatomical entity that is either named "cerebellar vermis" or described as a blood vessel that is part of a brain.
9.126  Find the ID of the anatomical entity in the cerebellar vermis or that is described as a blood vessel within the brain.

