SELECT anatomical_entity.name FROM anatomical_entity AS anatomical_entity WHERE anatomical_entity.description != "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.name FROM anatomical_entity AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the names of anatomical entities from the database where their description is not "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".
(1) What is the name of an anatomical entity that does not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]"?
(2) Retrieve the names of anatomical entities from the table "anatomical_entity" where the description is not equal to "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".
(3) Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities except for the stalk-like part of the brain containing both the hindbrain's medulla oblongata and the midbrain's tegmentum.
(4) "Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities that are not a stalk-like part of the brain, but instead include both the medulla oblongata in the hindbrain and the tegmentum in the midbrain."
(5) Find the names of all anatomical entities that do not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain" in any of their ontology annotations.
(6) Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that does not have a description stating "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain".
(7) Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities that do not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".


Re-ranked choices:
15.416  Retrieve the name of the anatomical entity that does not have a description stating "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain".
15.414  What is the name of an anatomical entity that does not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]"?
14.014  Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities that do not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".
12.615  Find the names of all anatomical entities that do not have the description "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain" in any of their ontology annotations.
12.614  Retrieve the names of anatomical entities from the database where their description is not "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".
12.613  Retrieve the names of anatomical entities from the table "anatomical_entity" where the description is not equal to "Stalk-like part of the brain that includes amongst its parts the medulla oblongata of the hindbrain and the tegmentum of the midbrain[ZFA,MP,generalized]".
9.118  "Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities that are not a stalk-like part of the brain, but instead include both the medulla oblongata in the hindbrain and the tegmentum in the midbrain."
8.420  Retrieve the name of all anatomical entities except for the stalk-like part of the brain containing both the hindbrain's medulla oblongata and the midbrain's tegmentum.

