SELECT differential_expression.adjpvalue FROM differential_expression AS differential_expression WHERE differential_expression.subjects_total != 45

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.adjpvalue FROM differential_expression AS T1 WHERE T1.subjects_total != 45
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What are the adjusted p-values for differential expression where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
(1) What are the adjusted p-values for differential expression for subjects where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
(2) What is the adjusted p-value for all differential expression results where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
(3) Get the adjusted p-value from the differential expression table for all records where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45.
(4) What are the adjusted p-values from the differential expression table for cases where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
(5) What are the adjusted p-values for differential expression where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
(6) Retrieve the adjusted p-values from the differential_expression table for subjects where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45.
(7) What is the adjusted p-value from the table of differential expression for all cases where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?


Re-ranked choices:
5.628  What are the adjusted p-values for differential expression where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
5.627  Get the adjusted p-value from the differential expression table for all records where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45.
5.626  What are the adjusted p-values for differential expression for subjects where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
5.626  What is the adjusted p-value for all differential expression results where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
5.625  What is the adjusted p-value from the table of differential expression for all cases where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
5.624  What are the adjusted p-values from the differential expression table for cases where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45?
2.824  Retrieve the adjusted p-values from the differential_expression table for subjects where the total number of subjects is not equal to 45.

