SELECT biomarker.id FROM biomarker AS biomarker WHERE biomarker.biomarker_description != "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone, confers biological specificity.  LH is expressed in the pituitary gland and promotes spermatogenesis and ovulation by stimulating the testes and ovaries to synthesize steroids. The genes for the beta chains of chorionic gonadotropin and for luteinizing hormone are contiguous on chromosome 19q13.3. Mutations in this gene are associated with hypogonadism which is characterized by infertility and pseudohermaphroditism."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.id FROM biomarker AS T1 WHERE T1.biomarker_description != "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone, confers biological specificity.  LH is expressed in the pituitary gland and promotes spermatogenesis and ovulation by stimulating the testes and ovaries to synthesize steroids. The genes for the beta chains of chorionic gonadotropin and for luteinizing hormone are contiguous on chromosome 19q13.3. Mutations in this gene are associated with hypogonadism which is characterized by infertility and pseudohermaphroditism."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the ID of all biomarkers that have a description different from "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone, conf
(1) Which biomarker IDs have a description that is not the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family, which includes FSH, LH, CG, and TSH?
(2) Find the ID numbers of all biomarkers where the biomarker description is not "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone
(3) What is the ID of the biomarker that has a description other than "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone,
(4) What is the ID of the biomarker that does not have a description about pituitary glycoprotein hormones?
(5) Retrieve the ID of all biomarkers that are not in the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family.
(6) Find the IDs of biomarkers that have a biomarker description that is not equal to "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of lutein
(7) Find the id of all biomarkers that are not described as being part of the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family.


Re-ranked choices:
20.320  Find the ID numbers of all biomarkers where the biomarker description is not "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone
20.320  What is the ID of the biomarker that has a description other than "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone,
19.622  Find the IDs of biomarkers that have a biomarker description that is not equal to "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of lutein
18.919  Find the ID of all biomarkers that have a description different from "The pituitary glycoprotein hormone family includes follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), chorionic gonadotropin (CG), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). All of these glycoproteins consist of an identical alpha subunit and a hormone-specific beta subunit.  LHB, the beta subunit of luteinizing hormone, conf
7.734  What is the ID of the biomarker that does not have a description about pituitary glycoprotein hormones?
7.726  Which biomarker IDs have a description that is not the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family, which includes FSH, LH, CG, and TSH?
5.629  Retrieve the ID of all biomarkers that are not in the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family.
5.626  Find the id of all biomarkers that are not described as being part of the pituitary glycoprotein hormone family.

