SELECT biomarker.biomarker_id FROM biomarker AS biomarker WHERE biomarker.biomarker_description != "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children. PNP mutations also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.biomarker_id FROM biomarker AS T1 WHERE T1.biomarker_description != "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children. PNP mutations also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the biomarker ID from the biomarker table where the biomarker description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with
(1) Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers whose description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children.
(2) Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers whose description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, which has enzyme properties that can break down purine nucleosides and is made up of three identical subunits. Mutations in this biomarker can lead to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurological issues in children and also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses."
(3) Find the biomarker ID of all biomarkers except for the one with the description "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder
(4) Retrieve the biomarker_id from the biomarker table where the description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic
(5) Retrieve the biomarker ID from the biomarker table where the description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides", as PNP mutations also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses.
(6) Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers that have a description different than "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in
(7) Find the biomarker ID of all biomarkers where the description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children


Re-ranked choices:
26.617  Find the biomarker ID of all biomarkers where the description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children
25.917  Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers whose description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in children.
25.917  Find the biomarker ID of all biomarkers except for the one with the description "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder
25.916  Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers that have a description different than "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic disorder in
24.518  Retrieve the biomarker ID from the biomarker table where the biomarker description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with
23.818  Retrieve the biomarker_id from the biomarker table where the description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides. The enzyme is trimeric, containing three identical subunits. Defects in PNP are the cause of purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency (PNP deficiency) which leads to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurologic
19.619  Find the biomarker ID for all biomarkers whose description is not equal to "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, which has enzyme properties that can break down purine nucleosides and is made up of three identical subunits. Mutations in this biomarker can lead to a severe T-cell immunodeficiency with neurological issues in children and also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses."
17.514  Retrieve the biomarker ID from the biomarker table where the description is not "PNP, a cytoplasmic protein, is an enzyme which reversibly catalyzes the phosphorolysis of purine nucleosides", as PNP mutations also affect B-cell immunity and antibody responses.

