SELECT healthy_expression.expression_level_anatomical_relative FROM healthy_expression AS healthy_expression WHERE healthy_expression.call_quality != "GOLD"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.expression_level_anatomical_relative FROM healthy_expression AS T1 WHERE T1.call_quality != "GOLD"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the relative expression levels in healthy tissues from the database of healthy expression data, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
(1) Retrieve the relative expression levels from healthy tissues in which the call quality is not "GOLD".
(2) Retrieve the relative expression levels of genes in healthy individuals across various anatomical regions, excluding any with a "GOLD" call quality.
(3) Find the expression levels in different anatomical areas that are not classified as "GOLD" call quality in the healthy_expression table.
(4) Retrieve the relative expression levels in anatomical regions from healthy individuals where the call quality is not "GOLD".
(5) Retrieve the relative expression levels of healthy individuals for all anatomical sites, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
(6) Retrieve the relative expression levels of healthy individuals in various anatomical regions, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
(7) Retrieve the expression level for anatomical locations from healthy individuals where the call quality is not equal to "GOLD".


Re-ranked choices:
9.125  Retrieve the expression level for anatomical locations from healthy individuals where the call quality is not equal to "GOLD".
9.124  Retrieve the relative expression levels in anatomical regions from healthy individuals where the call quality is not "GOLD".
9.122  Retrieve the relative expression levels of healthy individuals for all anatomical sites, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
9.119  Retrieve the relative expression levels of healthy individuals in various anatomical regions, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
7.732  Retrieve the relative expression levels from healthy tissues in which the call quality is not "GOLD".
7.724  Find the relative expression levels in healthy tissues from the database of healthy expression data, excluding those with a call quality of "GOLD".
7.720  Retrieve the relative expression levels of genes in healthy individuals across various anatomical regions, excluding any with a "GOLD" call quality.
6.322  Find the expression levels in different anatomical areas that are not classified as "GOLD" call quality in the healthy_expression table.

