SELECT disease_mutation.peptide_pos FROM disease_mutation AS disease_mutation JOIN disease AS disease ON disease_mutation.doid = disease.id WHERE disease.name != "bone cancer"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.peptide_pos FROM disease_mutation AS T1 JOIN disease AS T2 ON T1.doid = T2.id WHERE T2.name != "bone cancer"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the peptide position associated with disease mutations for all diseases except bone cancer?
(1) Retrieve the positions of peptides affected by disease mutations in diseases other than bone cancer.
(2) Retrieve the peptide position for disease mutations in diseases that are not "bone cancer".
(3) Retrieve the position of the peptide affected by a disease mutation for all diseases except "bone cancer".
(4) Find the positions of all peptide mutations associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.
(5) Find the positions of peptides in disease mutations associated with diseases other than bone cancer.
(6) Find the positions of mutations within the peptide sequence associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.
(7) Find the positions of peptide mutations associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.


Re-ranked choices:
5.627  Retrieve the position of the peptide affected by a disease mutation for all diseases except "bone cancer".
4.234  Retrieve the peptide position for disease mutations in diseases that are not "bone cancer".
3.524  What is the peptide position associated with disease mutations for all diseases except bone cancer?
2.129  Find the positions of all peptide mutations associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.
2.127  Find the positions of peptide mutations associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.
2.126  Retrieve the positions of peptides affected by disease mutations in diseases other than bone cancer.
2.124  Find the positions of mutations within the peptide sequence associated with diseases that are not bone cancer.
2.124  Find the positions of peptides in disease mutations associated with diseases other than bone cancer.

