SELECT biomarker_edrn.uberon_anatomical_id FROM biomarker_edrn AS biomarker_edrn JOIN biomarker AS biomarker ON biomarker_edrn.id = biomarker.id WHERE biomarker.biomarker_description != "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor. The encoded protein binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclin-cyclin-dependent kinase2 or -cyclin-dependent kinase4 complexes, and thus functions as a regulator of cell cycle progression at G1. The expression of this gene is tightly controlled by the tumor suppressor protein p53, through which this protein mediates the p53-dependent cell cycle G1 phase arrest in response to a variety of stress stimuli. This protein can interact with proliferating cell nuclear antigen, a DNA polymerase accessory factor, and plays a regulatory role in S phase DNA replication and DNA damage repair. This protein was reported to be specifically cleaved by CASP3-like caspases, which thus leads to a dramatic activation of cyclin-dependent kinase2, and may be instrumental in the execution of apoptosis following caspase activation. Mice that lack this gene have the ability to regenerate damaged or missing tissue. Multiple alternatively spliced variants have been found for this gene. [provided by RefSeq, Sep 2015]"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.uberon_anatomical_id FROM biomarker_edrn AS T1 JOIN biomarker AS T2 ON T1.id = T2.id WHERE T2.biomarker_description != "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor. The encoded protein binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclin-cyclin-dependent kinase2 or -cyclin-dependent kinase4 complexes, and thus functions as a regulator of cell cycle progression at G1. The expression of this gene is tightly controlled by the tumor suppressor protein p53, through which this protein mediates the p53-dependent cell cycle G1 phase arrest in response to a variety of stress stimuli. This protein can interact with proliferating cell nuclear antigen, a DNA polymerase accessory factor, and plays a regulatory role in S phase DNA replication and DNA damage repair. This protein was reported to be specifically cleaved by CASP3-like caspases, which thus leads to a dramatic activation of cyclin-dependent kinase2, and may be instrumental in the execution of apoptosis following caspase activation. Mice that lack this gene have the ability to regenerate damaged or missing tissue. Multiple alternatively spliced variants have been found for this gene. [provided by RefSeq, Sep 2015]"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the UBeron anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, which joins with the biomarker table on their IDs, where the biomarker description is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor", and has various functions related to cell cycle progression, DNA replication, and apoptosis.
(1) Get the UBERON anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, which is joined with the biomarker table where the biomarker description is not equal to a specified value and the ID columns match, and return it.
(2) Retrieve the uberon anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, where the biomarker description in the biomarker table is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor," and join on the id column between both tables.
(3) Find the anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table where the biomarker description is not equal to a specific gene and has been found in multiple alternatively spliced variants.
(4) Find the unique anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table for any biomarker that does not have a description indicating it is related to a specific gene.
(5) Retrieve the uberon_anatomical_id from the biomarker_edrn table for all entries where the corresponding biomarker_description is not equal to a specific text, including information on its functions in cell cycle progression, DNA replication and repair, and its interaction with tumor suppressor protein p53.
(6) Retrieve the UBeron anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table for all entries where the biomarker description in the biomarker table is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor. The encoded protein binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclin-cyclin-dependent kinase2 or -cyclin-dependent kinase4 complexes, and thus functions as a regulator of cell cycle progression at G1. The expression of this gene is tightly controlled
(7) Retrieve the anatomical ID from the uberon_anatomical_id column in the biomarker_edrn table for all rows where the biomarker_description column in the biomarker table is not equal to a specific description.


Re-ranked choices:
29.415  Retrieve the UBeron anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table for all entries where the biomarker description in the biomarker table is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor. The encoded protein binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclin-cyclin-dependent kinase2 or -cyclin-dependent kinase4 complexes, and thus functions as a regulator of cell cycle progression at G1. The expression of this gene is tightly controlled
20.312  Find the UBeron anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, which joins with the biomarker table on their IDs, where the biomarker description is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor", and has various functions related to cell cycle progression, DNA replication, and apoptosis.
15.414  Retrieve the uberon anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, where the biomarker description in the biomarker table is not equal to "From NCBI Gene: This gene encodes a potent cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor," and join on the id column between both tables.
11.920  Find the anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table where the biomarker description is not equal to a specific gene and has been found in multiple alternatively spliced variants.
10.518  Get the UBERON anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table, which is joined with the biomarker table where the biomarker description is not equal to a specified value and the ID columns match, and return it.
9.821  Find the unique anatomical ID from the biomarker_edrn table for any biomarker that does not have a description indicating it is related to a specific gene.
9.812  Retrieve the uberon_anatomical_id from the biomarker_edrn table for all entries where the corresponding biomarker_description is not equal to a specific text, including information on its functions in cell cycle progression, DNA replication and repair, and its interaction with tumor suppressor protein p53.
7.018  Retrieve the anatomical ID from the uberon_anatomical_id column in the biomarker_edrn table for all rows where the biomarker_description column in the biomarker table is not equal to a specific description.

