SELECT topics.rcn FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title = "Exploring and supporting citizen science"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Exploring and supporting citizen science"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the Research Council Number for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science".
(1) Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the table of topics.
(2) Retrieve the Research Council Number from the "topics" table where the title is "Exploring and supporting citizen science".
(3) Retrieve the Research Council Number (rcn) of the topic with the title "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the table of topics.
(4) What is the research control number for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" in the topics table?
(5) Get the research council number of the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the topics table.
(6) What is the research council number of the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science"?
(7) Find the RCN of topics where the title is "Exploring and supporting citizen science".


Re-ranked choices:
7.034  Find the RCN of topics where the title is "Exploring and supporting citizen science".
5.624  Retrieve the Research Council Number from the "topics" table where the title is "Exploring and supporting citizen science".
4.226  What is the research control number for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" in the topics table?
4.224  Get the research council number of the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the topics table.
4.221  Retrieve the Research Council Number (rcn) of the topic with the title "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the table of topics.
2.828  Find the Research Council Number for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science".
2.827  What is the research council number of the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science"?
2.825  Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) for the topic "Exploring and supporting citizen science" from the table of topics.

