SELECT topics.rcn FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title = "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the RCN from the topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
(1) Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) from the "topics" table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
(2) Retrieve the research council number for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation" from the table of topics.
(3) Retrieve the RCN from the topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
(4) Retrieve the RCN from the Topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
(5) Find the Research Council Number (RCN) of the topic with the title "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
(6) What is the RCN for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"?
(7) What is the research council number for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"?


Re-ranked choices:
11.220  Get the RCN from the topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
11.220  Retrieve the RCN from the topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
11.220  Retrieve the RCN from the Topics table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
9.819  Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) from the "topics" table where the title is "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
8.422  What is the RCN for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"?
8.419  Find the Research Council Number (RCN) of the topic with the title "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation".
7.019  What is the research council number for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation"?
7.019  Retrieve the research council number for the topic "Improving impact and broadening stakeholder engagement in support of transport research and innovation" from the table of topics.

