SELECT programmes.code FROM programmes AS programmes WHERE programmes.title = "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM programmes AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the code for the programme titled "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration" in the table called "programmes".
(1) What is the code for the programme titled "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration"?
(2) Get the programme code from the "programmes" table for a technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration.
(3) Find the code of the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
(4) Get the code of programmes for which the title is "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
(5) Retrieve the code for the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
(6) Get the code of the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration" from the programmes table.
(7) Find the code for the programme with a title of "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".


Re-ranked choices:
11.916  Get the code of programmes for which the title is "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
11.914  Get the code of the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration" from the programmes table.
10.516  Find the code for the programme with a title of "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
10.515  Find the code of the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
10.515  Retrieve the code for the programme with the title "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration".
10.515  Find the code for the programme titled "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration" in the table called "programmes".
9.814  Get the programme code from the "programmes" table for a technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration.
9.115  What is the code for the programme titled "Technology development and fabrication of high-temperature high-frequency capacitors for power switch integration"?

