SELECT subject_areas.title FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.title FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the titles of subject areas where the description is "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere".
(1) What is the title of the subject area that includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?
(2) What are the titles of subject areas that have descriptions including "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology" but do not include other specific technologies?
(3) What are the titles of all subject areas that have a description including textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?
(4) Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the description includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere.
(5) What are the titles of subject areas that fall under textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?
(6) Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the description includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, or other specific technologies not included elsewhere.
(7) Retrieve the title of all subject areas that have a description of "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere." from the subject_areas table.


Re-ranked choices:
14.017  Retrieve the title of all subject areas that have a description of "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere." from the subject_areas table.
13.313  Retrieve the titles of subject areas where the description is "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology; other specific technologies NOT INcluded elsewhere".
11.913  Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the description includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere.
11.913  Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the description includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, or other specific technologies not included elsewhere.
10.513  What are the titles of all subject areas that have a description including textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?
9.814  What are the titles of subject areas that have descriptions including "Textile technology; laser technology; membrane technology; vacuum engineering; hydraulics; particle technology" but do not include other specific technologies?
9.114  What is the title of the subject area that includes textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?
9.114  What are the titles of subject areas that fall under textile technology, laser technology, membrane technology, vacuum engineering, hydraulics, particle technology, and other specific technologies not included elsewhere?

