SELECT activity_types.code FROM activity_types AS activity_types WHERE activity_types.description = "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM activity_types AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the code for all higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table.
(1) What is the code for higher or secondary education establishments in the activity types table?
(2) Find the activity code for higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
(3) Find the code for activity types that have a description of "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments" in the table named "activity_types".
(4) What is the code for "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments" in the table activity_types?
(5) Find the code for activity types where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
(6) Retrieve the code for higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
(7) Find the activity type code for higher or secondary education establishments from the table of activity types where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".


Re-ranked choices:
8.424  Find the code for activity types where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
8.420  Find the code for activity types that have a description of "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments" in the table named "activity_types".
8.418  Retrieve the code for higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
8.417  Find the activity code for higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
8.416  Find the activity type code for higher or secondary education establishments from the table of activity types where the description is "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments".
7.026  What is the code for higher or secondary education establishments in the activity types table?
7.024  Retrieve the code for all higher or secondary education establishments from the activity types table.
4.224  What is the code for "Higher or Secondary Education Establishments" in the table activity_types?

