SELECT topics.code FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title = "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the code of topics that have a title of "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
(1) What is the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation" in the table named topics?
(2) What is the code for the topic with a title of "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"?
(3) Retrieve the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation" from the "topics" table.
(4) Retrieve the code of topics where the title is "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
(5) Find the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
(6) What is the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"?
(7) Get the code of all topics where the title is "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".


Re-ranked choices:
12.626  Get the code of all topics where the title is "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
12.624  Retrieve the code of topics where the title is "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
12.624  Retrieve the code of topics that have a title of "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
11.225  What is the code for the topic with a title of "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"?
11.224  Retrieve the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation" from the "topics" table.
9.827  Find the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation".
9.826  What is the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation"?
9.824  What is the code for the topic "Big Data PPP: Large Scale Pilot actions in sectors best benefitting from data-driven innovation" in the table named topics?

