SELECT topics.rcn FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title = "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the RCN of the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
(1) Find the RCN for the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
(2) Find the RCN number for the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
(3) Find the RCN number of a topic from the table "topics" where the title is "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
(4) What is the unique reference number (rcn) for the topic titled "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
(5) What is the RCN of the topic with a title of "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
(6) Find the Research Control Number (RCN) for a topic with the title "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
(7) What is the research control number for a topic titled "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?


Re-ranked choices:
11.919  Find the RCN number of a topic from the table "topics" where the title is "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
10.523  What is the RCN of the topic with a title of "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
9.124  What is the RCN of the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
9.123  Find the RCN for the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
9.122  Find the RCN number for the topic "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
9.121  Find the Research Control Number (RCN) for a topic with the title "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications".
7.720  What is the research control number for a topic titled "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?
7.719  What is the unique reference number (rcn) for the topic titled "Identification of a fluid for diphasic cooling adapted to aircraft applications"?

