SELECT subject_areas.code FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the code for subject areas related to geology, mineralogy, geography, geophysics, geo-chemistry, soil science, and cartography.
(1) Retrieve the code for subject areas that have a description of "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
(2) Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
(3) Retrieve the subject area code for "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
(4) "Retrieve the subject area code for Geology, Mineralogy, Geography, Geophysics, Geo-chemistry, Soil Science, and Cartography."
(5) Retrieve the code for subject areas that have a description of "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography" from the subject_areas table.
(6) "Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is 'Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography' from the table subject_areas."
(7) Find the subject area code for "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography.".


Re-ranked choices:
11.216  Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
11.216  Retrieve the code for subject areas that have a description of "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
11.216  Retrieve the code for subject areas that have a description of "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography" from the subject_areas table.
11.215  "Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is 'Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography' from the table subject_areas."
8.416  Retrieve the subject area code for "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography".
7.717  Find the subject area code for "Geology; mineralogy; geography; geophysics; geo-chemistry; soil science; cartography.".
4.917  Find the code for subject areas related to geology, mineralogy, geography, geophysics, geo-chemistry, soil science, and cartography.
3.517  "Retrieve the subject area code for Geology, Mineralogy, Geography, Geophysics, Geo-chemistry, Soil Science, and Cartography."

