SELECT funding_schemes.code FROM funding_schemes AS funding_schemes WHERE funding_schemes.title = "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM funding_schemes AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the code for all funding schemes with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
(1) Retrieve the code for all funding schemes with the title "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
(2) Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
(3) Find the code for funding schemes that have a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" in the table named "funding_schemes".
(4) What is the funding scheme code for "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" in the table of funding schemes?
(5) Retrieve the code from the "funding_schemes" table where the title is equal to "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".
(6) Retrieve the code of all funding schemes with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".
(7) Find the code for funding schemes that have a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".


Re-ranked choices:
8.432  Find the code for funding schemes that have a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".
8.429  Retrieve the code of all funding schemes with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".
8.428  Find the code for all funding schemes with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
8.427  Find the code for funding schemes that have a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" in the table named "funding_schemes".
8.426  Retrieve the code for all funding schemes with the title "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
7.025  Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with a title of "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" from the table "funding_schemes".
5.630  What is the funding scheme code for "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action" in the table of funding schemes?
5.627  Retrieve the code from the "funding_schemes" table where the title is equal to "ECSEL Research and Innovation Action".

