SELECT topics.rcn FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title = "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the RCN of the topic with a title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
(1) What is the rcn of the topic titled "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" from the table topics?
(2) What is the RCN of the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
(3) Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) for the topic with the title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" from the topics table.
(4) What is the record number of the topic titled "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
(5) Find the record number (rcn) for the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" in the table called "topics".
(6) What is the RCN of the topic with the title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
(7) What is the RCN for the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?


Re-ranked choices:
9.124  What is the RCN of the topic with a title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
9.124  What is the RCN of the topic with the title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
9.120  Retrieve the Research Council Number (RCN) for the topic with the title "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" from the topics table.
7.726  What is the RCN of the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
7.726  What is the RCN for the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?
7.721  What is the rcn of the topic titled "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" from the table topics?
7.720  Find the record number (rcn) for the topic "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide" in the table called "topics".
6.322  What is the record number of the topic titled "Role of aquaculture in improving food security and eradicating poverty worldwide"?

