SELECT funding_schemes.code FROM funding_schemes AS funding_schemes WHERE funding_schemes.title = "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM funding_schemes AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the code from the funding scheme table where the title is "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
(1) Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the table "funding_schemes".
(2) Retrieve the code for the specific grant agreement "Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the funding_schemes table.
(3) Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with a title of "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the table called "funding_schemes".
(4) Retrieve the code for funding schemes with the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
(5) What is the code for the funding scheme titled "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" in the table "funding_schemes"?
(6) Get the code from the funding schemes table where the title is "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
(7) Retrieve the code for the funding scheme that has the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".


Re-ranked choices:
10.529  Retrieve the code for funding schemes with the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
10.529  Get the code from the funding schemes table where the title is "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
9.129  Get the code from the funding scheme table where the title is "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
9.127  Retrieve the code for the funding scheme that has the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)".
9.125  Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with a title of "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the table called "funding_schemes".
9.124  Retrieve the code for the funding scheme with the title "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the table "funding_schemes".
7.725  What is the code for the funding scheme titled "Specific Grant Agreement Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" in the table "funding_schemes"?
6.329  Retrieve the code for the specific grant agreement "Enterprise Europe Network (EEN)" from the funding_schemes table.

