SELECT activity_types.code FROM activity_types AS activity_types WHERE activity_types.description = "Private for-profit entities (excluding Higher or Secondary Education Establishments)"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM activity_types AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Private for-profit entities (excluding Higher or Secondary Education Establishments)"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the code for activity types from the table where the description is "Private for-profit entities (excluding Higher or Secondary Education Establishments)".
(1) Get the code for activity types that represent private for-profit entities, excluding higher education or secondary education establishments.
(2) Retrieve the code of all activity types that correspond to private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
(3) Find the code for activity types that represent private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
(4) What is the code for private for-profit entities in the activity types table, excluding higher or secondary education establishments?
(5) Retrieve the code of activity types for private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
(6) What is the code for activity types that are private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments?
(7) Find the code for private, for-profit entities excluding higher or secondary education establishments in the activity types table.


Re-ranked choices:
11.218  Retrieve the code for activity types from the table where the description is "Private for-profit entities (excluding Higher or Secondary Education Establishments)".
8.419  What is the code for private for-profit entities in the activity types table, excluding higher or secondary education establishments?
7.720  What is the code for activity types that are private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments?
7.719  Find the code for private, for-profit entities excluding higher or secondary education establishments in the activity types table.
7.718  Retrieve the code of all activity types that correspond to private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
7.718  Retrieve the code of activity types for private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
7.718  Find the code for activity types that represent private for-profit entities, excluding higher or secondary education establishments.
7.716  Get the code for activity types that represent private for-profit entities, excluding higher education or secondary education establishments.

