SELECT people.unics_id FROM people AS people JOIN projects AS projects ON people.unics_id = projects.principal_investigator WHERE projects.objective = ""Biological samples, such as tissues, DNA, and cells are an increasingly important resource for advancing research on human diseases. In the last two decades, important efforts have been made to organize such samples and data into biobanks in order to make these samples and data available for sharing between researchers.  That being said, there remains many barriers and challenges to sharing between researchers and biobanks (whether regionally, nationally or internationally).  The overall objective of this research project is to obtain a better definition and understanding of the ethical, legal, social and practical problems preventing the sharing of data and/or samples between biobanks, as well as between researchers, and to suggest ethically sound (i.e. just) solutions that are feasible in practice. Five specific objectives form the basis of this work: Firstly, we will conduct a systematic and in-depth review of the literature regarding barriers to sharing. Secondly we will conduct semi-structured interviews with biobank stakeholders in four European countries (Switzerland, the Netherlands, Poland and Italy). Our third objective is to follow up on the data obtained in objective 2 and conduct a survey of biobank stakeholders all across Europe. Objective four involves the ethical analysis of the barriers to sharing. An important part of this objective will be the ethical analysis of the different problems related to “justice” in sharing biological samples among researchers and defining ways to allow for just allocation of a limited resource (samples and data). Finally, the last goal will be to increase awareness of, and encourage “just’ sharing solutions among biobank stakeholders. This will be achieved through the dissemination of a “points to consider” document that will highlight the importance of sharing, the challenges to sharing and recommendations on how just and efficient sharing can be achieved.""

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.unics_id FROM people AS T1 JOIN projects AS T2 ON T1.unics_id = T2.principal_investigator WHERE T2.objective = ""Biological samples, such as tissues, DNA, and cells are an increasingly important resource for advancing research on human diseases. In the last two decades, important efforts have been made to organize such samples and data into biobanks in order to make these samples and data available for sharing between researchers.  That being said, there remains many barriers and challenges to sharing between researchers and biobanks (whether regionally, nationally or internationally).  The overall objective of this research project is to obtain a better definition and understanding of the ethical, legal, social and practical problems preventing the sharing of data and/or samples between biobanks, as well as between researchers, and to suggest ethically sound (i.e. just) solutions that are feasible in practice. Five specific objectives form the basis of this work: Firstly, we will conduct a systematic and in-depth review of the literature regarding barriers to sharing. Secondly we will conduct semi-structured interviews with biobank stakeholders in four European countries (Switzerland, the Netherlands, Poland and Italy). Our third objective is to follow up on the data obtained in objective 2 and conduct a survey of biobank stakeholders all across Europe. Objective four involves the ethical analysis of the barriers to sharing. An important part of this objective will be the ethical analysis of the different problems related to “justice” in sharing biological samples among researchers and defining ways to allow for just allocation of a limited resource (samples and data). Finally, the last goal will be to increase awareness of, and encourage “just’ sharing solutions among biobank stakeholders. This will be achieved through the dissemination of a “points to consider” document that will highlight the importance of sharing, the challenges to sharing and recommendations on how just and efficient sharing can be achieved.""
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the UNICS ID of all people who are principal investigators on projects related to a research project that aims to identify barriers preventing the sharing of data and samples between biobanks and researchers, including conducting a literature review, interviews with stakeholders in European countries, a survey across Europe, ethical analysis of the barriers and ways to achieve just allocation of resources, and increasing awareness through dissemination.
(1) Which UNICS IDs are associated with people who are the principal investigators on projects with the objective of understanding and addressing barriers to sharing data and biological samples between biobanks and researchers in Europe?
(2) Retrieve the unique identifier for individuals who are principal investigators in projects and join it with the objective of a research project to obtain a better understanding of barriers to sharing data and/or samples between biobanks and researchers, conduct interviews with biobank stakeholders, follow up with a survey, analyze ethical issues related to just allocation of limited resources, and increase awareness through dissemination of recommendations.
(3) Retrieve the UNICS ID of people who are principal investigators in projects where the objective is to obtain a better understanding of barriers preventing sharing between biobanks and researchers, through conducting a systematic review, interviews and surveys with biobank stakeholders, ethical analysis, and dissemination of recommendations.
(4) Retrieve the UNICS IDs of people who are principal investigators in projects and whose objective is to investigate barriers to sharing biological samples and data between biobanks and researchers, by conducting a systematic review of literature, semi-structured interviews with stakeholders in four European countries, a survey across Europe, an ethical analysis of sharing barriers and allocation methods, and dissemination of recommendations for just and efficient sharing.
(5) What are the UNICS IDs of people who are principal investigators in projects where the objective is to study barriers to sharing biological samples and data between biobanks and researchers, through conducting a literature review, interviews, surveys, ethical analysis and increasing awareness among stakeholders?
(6) What are the unics_ids of people who are principal investigators on projects related to understanding barriers and challenges to sharing biological samples and data between researchers and biobanks, as well as suggestions for ethically sound solutions?
(7) Which people have a unics_id and are the principal investigators for projects with an objective of better understanding the barriers to sharing biological samples between researchers and biobanks in Europe, which involves conducting literature reviews, interviews, surveys, ethical analyses, and dissemination of recommendations?


Re-ranked choices:
28.709  Get the UNICS ID of all people who are principal investigators on projects related to a research project that aims to identify barriers preventing the sharing of data and samples between biobanks and researchers, including conducting a literature review, interviews with stakeholders in European countries, a survey across Europe, ethical analysis of the barriers and ways to achieve just allocation of resources, and increasing awareness through dissemination.
28.009  Retrieve the UNICS IDs of people who are principal investigators in projects and whose objective is to investigate barriers to sharing biological samples and data between biobanks and researchers, by conducting a systematic review of literature, semi-structured interviews with stakeholders in four European countries, a survey across Europe, an ethical analysis of sharing barriers and allocation methods, and dissemination of recommendations for just and efficient sharing.
27.309  Retrieve the unique identifier for individuals who are principal investigators in projects and join it with the objective of a research project to obtain a better understanding of barriers to sharing data and/or samples between biobanks and researchers, conduct interviews with biobank stakeholders, follow up with a survey, analyze ethical issues related to just allocation of limited resources, and increase awareness through dissemination of recommendations.
21.711  Retrieve the UNICS ID of people who are principal investigators in projects where the objective is to obtain a better understanding of barriers preventing sharing between biobanks and researchers, through conducting a systematic review, interviews and surveys with biobank stakeholders, ethical analysis, and dissemination of recommendations.
20.311  Which people have a unics_id and are the principal investigators for projects with an objective of better understanding the barriers to sharing biological samples between researchers and biobanks in Europe, which involves conducting literature reviews, interviews, surveys, ethical analyses, and dissemination of recommendations?
18.912  What are the UNICS IDs of people who are principal investigators in projects where the objective is to study barriers to sharing biological samples and data between biobanks and researchers, through conducting a literature review, interviews, surveys, ethical analysis and increasing awareness among stakeholders?
16.814  Which UNICS IDs are associated with people who are the principal investigators on projects with the objective of understanding and addressing barriers to sharing data and biological samples between biobanks and researchers in Europe?
16.814  What are the unics_ids of people who are principal investigators on projects related to understanding barriers and challenges to sharing biological samples and data between researchers and biobanks, as well as suggestions for ethically sound solutions?

