SELECT institutions.grid_id FROM institutions AS institutions JOIN countries AS countries ON institutions.country_id = countries.unics_id WHERE countries.country_name = "Haiti"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.grid_id FROM institutions AS T1 JOIN countries AS T2 ON T1.country_id = T2.unics_id WHERE T2.country_name = "Haiti"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their corresponding country IDs.
(1) Retrieve the grid ID of institutions that are located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table and matching on country name.
(2) "Find the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the tables institutions and countries based on their respective country IDs, where the country name is 'Haiti'."
(3) Find the grid ID for institutions located in Haiti by joining the countries table and selecting the grid ID from institutions where the country name is "Haiti".
(4) Get the grid ID of institutions from Haiti, where the country name is "Haiti".
(5) Retrieve the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their respective IDs and selecting only those from Haiti.
(6) "Retrieve the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti, which is matched with the country's UNICS ID in the countries table."
(7) Find the grid ID for all institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table and selecting the country name as "Haiti".


Re-ranked choices:
9.823  "Find the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the tables institutions and countries based on their respective country IDs, where the country name is 'Haiti'."
9.124  Find the grid ID for institutions located in Haiti by joining the countries table and selecting the grid ID from institutions where the country name is "Haiti".
9.122  Find the grid ID for all institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table and selecting the country name as "Haiti".
8.430  "Retrieve the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti, which is matched with the country's UNICS ID in the countries table."
8.423  Retrieve the grid ID of institutions that are located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table and matching on country name.
8.422  Find the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their corresponding country IDs.
7.758  Get the grid ID of institutions from Haiti, where the country name is "Haiti".
7.021  Retrieve the grid ID of institutions located in Haiti by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their respective IDs and selecting only those from Haiti.

