SELECT projects.ec_max_contribution, count(*) FROM projects AS projects  GROUP BY projects.ec_max_contribution

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ec_max_contribution, count(*) FROM projects AS T1  GROUP BY T1.ec_max_contribution
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the maximum contribution and count the number of projects for each unique maximum contribution value from the projects table.
(1) How many projects have the same maximum contribution amount and how many projects fall under each maximum contribution amount category?
(2) Retrieve the number of projects grouped by their maximum contribution amount.
(3) How many projects have the same maximum contribution and how many times does each maximum contribution appear in the list of projects?
(4) What is the maximum contribution for each project and how many projects have that maximum contribution?
(5) Retrieve the number of projects and their maximum contribution from a table called "projects", grouping them by their maximum contribution.
(6) How many projects have the same maximum contribution amount and how many of those contributions are there?
(7) What is the number of projects and their corresponding maximum contribution for each distinct maximum contribution value in the projects table?


Re-ranked choices:
3.539  Retrieve the number of projects grouped by their maximum contribution amount.
3.524  Retrieve the number of projects and their maximum contribution from a table called "projects", grouping them by their maximum contribution.
2.834  How many projects have the same maximum contribution amount and how many of those contributions are there?
2.832  What is the maximum contribution for each project and how many projects have that maximum contribution?
2.828  How many projects have the same maximum contribution and how many times does each maximum contribution appear in the list of projects?
2.824  Find the maximum contribution and count the number of projects for each unique maximum contribution value from the projects table.
2.824  How many projects have the same maximum contribution amount and how many projects fall under each maximum contribution amount category?
2.822  What is the number of projects and their corresponding maximum contribution for each distinct maximum contribution value in the projects table?

