SELECT countries.country_code3, count(*) FROM countries AS countries  GROUP BY countries.country_code3

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.country_code3, count(*) FROM countries AS T1  GROUP BY T1.country_code3
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the country code3 and count the number of times it appears in the countries table, grouping the results by country code3.
(1) "Find the number of records for each country in the countries table, grouped by their respective three-letter country codes."
(2) Count the number of occurrences for each country code in the countries table and group them by their respective 3-letter country codes.
(3) Count the number of rows in the countries table grouped by the country_code3 column and return the country_code3 and count columns.
(4) Find the count of all records in the "countries" table grouped by each unique value in the "country_code3" column.
(5) Find the number of countries in each country code3 and group them by their country codes.
(6) How many times does each country's three-letter country code appear in the countries table?
(7) Count the number of records in the countries table for each unique country code3 and group the results by country code3.


Re-ranked choices:
4.950  Find the number of countries in each country code3 and group them by their country codes.
4.938  Count the number of records in the countries table for each unique country code3 and group the results by country code3.
4.932  Get the country code3 and count the number of times it appears in the countries table, grouping the results by country code3.
3.532  "Find the number of records for each country in the countries table, grouped by their respective three-letter country codes."
3.528  Count the number of occurrences for each country code in the countries table and group them by their respective 3-letter country codes.
2.839  How many times does each country's three-letter country code appear in the countries table?
2.142  Find the count of all records in the "countries" table grouped by each unique value in the "country_code3" column.
2.129  Count the number of rows in the countries table grouped by the country_code3 column and return the country_code3 and count columns.

