SELECT institutions.institutions_name, count(*) FROM institutions AS institutions  GROUP BY institutions.institutions_name

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.institutions_name, count(*) FROM institutions AS T1  GROUP BY T1.institutions_name
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the name of institutions and the number of occurrences in the institutions table, grouped by institution name.
(1) Get the names of institutions and the corresponding count by grouping them according to their names from the table "institutions".
(2) "How many records are in each institution's name from the institutions table?"
(3) Count the number of records in the institutions table for each unique institution name and display the institution name along with its corresponding count.
(4) Find the number of records in the "institutions" table grouped by the name of the institution and also show their respective names.
(5) Count the number of records in the institutions table grouped by institution name and show the institution name and count for each group.
(6) "How many institutions have a unique name and how many records belong to each one of those institutions?"
(7) "How many records are in each institution, and what is the name of each institution?"


Re-ranked choices:
3.528  Find the number of records in the "institutions" table grouped by the name of the institution and also show their respective names.
3.527  Count the number of records in the institutions table grouped by institution name and show the institution name and count for each group.
3.526  Get the name of institutions and the number of occurrences in the institutions table, grouped by institution name.
2.837  "How many records are in each institution's name from the institutions table?"
2.837  "How many institutions have a unique name and how many records belong to each one of those institutions?"
2.824  Count the number of records in the institutions table for each unique institution name and display the institution name along with its corresponding count.
2.124  Get the names of institutions and the corresponding count by grouping them according to their names from the table "institutions".
1.444  "How many records are in each institution, and what is the name of each institution?"

