SELECT count(*) FROM projects AS projects WHERE projects.objective = ""Dopamine neurons play a central role in major illnesses, such as anxiety and mood disorders, schizophrenia, autism-spectrum disorders, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, and dementia. A multidisciplinary approach must be taken by European researchers to discover the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and how new technologies will lead to repair and regeneration of neuronal systems in the brain. The TINTIN proposal describes how early stage researchers (ESRs) and experienced researchers (ERs) will undertake advanced research training projects on metabolism and autophagy in neurons, induced pluripotent stem cells and neurorepair systems. Parallel research projects will involve computational modelling of metabolism in the dopamine neuron and the in silico design of novel therapeutics that are selectively transported into the dopamine neuron. This fundamental training and research will be merged with new cutting edge glycan based biomarker technologies, drug simulation and computational/mathematical models of dopaminergic neurons. TINTIN will train young researchers by merging key research groups in 7 Universities and 8 industry/SME partners from Western Europe (Ireland, UK) across central and Southern Europe (Denmark, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain) and Eastern Europe (Turkey). The secondments of ESRs and ERs into and out of 8 commercial partners in the area of glycan discovery and drug design will ensure that researchers receive intensive training in emerging research areas in neurotherapeutic development as well as key information in how to commercialize such innovation and discovery. The breadth of the aims, techniques and knowledge of TINTIN, the academic basis, the integrating of ESRs and ERs into industry, the potential for transfer to the European pharmaceutical industry, and enrichment of scientific training across Europe all fit the ITN model.""

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM projects AS T1 WHERE T1.objective = ""Dopamine neurons play a central role in major illnesses, such as anxiety and mood disorders, schizophrenia, autism-spectrum disorders, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, and dementia. A multidisciplinary approach must be taken by European researchers to discover the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and how new technologies will lead to repair and regeneration of neuronal systems in the brain. The TINTIN proposal describes how early stage researchers (ESRs) and experienced researchers (ERs) will undertake advanced research training projects on metabolism and autophagy in neurons, induced pluripotent stem cells and neurorepair systems. Parallel research projects will involve computational modelling of metabolism in the dopamine neuron and the in silico design of novel therapeutics that are selectively transported into the dopamine neuron. This fundamental training and research will be merged with new cutting edge glycan based biomarker technologies, drug simulation and computational/mathematical models of dopaminergic neurons. TINTIN will train young researchers by merging key research groups in 7 Universities and 8 industry/SME partners from Western Europe (Ireland, UK) across central and Southern Europe (Denmark, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain) and Eastern Europe (Turkey). The secondments of ESRs and ERs into and out of 8 commercial partners in the area of glycan discovery and drug design will ensure that researchers receive intensive training in emerging research areas in neurotherapeutic development as well as key information in how to commercialize such innovation and discovery. The breadth of the aims, techniques and knowledge of TINTIN, the academic basis, the integrating of ESRs and ERs into industry, the potential for transfer to the European pharmaceutical industry, and enrichment of scientific training across Europe all fit the ITN model.""
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many projects in the database have a stated objective of studying dopamine neurons and related neurodegenerative diseases, and how will the TINTIN proposal contribute to this research by training young researchers and merging key research groups across Europe?
(1) How many projects have the objective of understanding dopamine neurons and their role in various diseases, and will provide advanced training to researchers on metabolism, autophagy, stem cells, neurorepair systems, glycan biomarker technologies, and computational modeling?
(2) "How many projects have the objective of studying dopamine neurons and their role in various illnesses, with a focus on multidisciplinary research, training, and collaboration across universities and industry partners in Europe?"
(3) "How many projects have an objective that describes the role of dopamine neurons in major illnesses and propose a multidisciplinary approach to understand their molecular basis, repair and regeneration through advanced research training on metabolism, autophagy, induced pluripotent stem cells, neurorepair systems, computational modelling, glycan biomarker technologies and drug simulation?"
(4) How many projects have the objective of investigating the role of dopamine neurons in various illnesses and training researchers in related areas through collaborations with universities and industry partners across Europe?
(5) How many projects have an objective that is equal to "Dopamine neurons play a central role in major illnesses, such as anxiety and mood disorders, schizophrenia, autism-spectrum disorders, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, and dementia. A multidisciplinary approach must be taken by European researchers to discover the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and how new technologies will lead to repair and regeneration of neuronal systems in the brain. The TINTIN proposal describes how early stage researchers (ESRs) and
(6) How many projects have the objective of studying the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and developing new technologies for repairing and regenerating neuronal systems in the brain, with a multidisciplinary approach that includes research on metabolism and autophagy in neurons, induced pluripotent stem cells, neurorepair systems, computational modeling of metabolism in dopamine neurons, designing therapeutics specifically targeting dopamine neurons, glycan biomarker technologies, drug simulation and computational/mathematical models?
(7) How many projects in the database have the objective of studying dopamine neurodegeneration and regeneration, specifically focusing on topics such as metabolism, autophagy, stem cells, drug development, and glycan biomarkers?


Re-ranked choices:
32.918  How many projects have an objective that is equal to "Dopamine neurons play a central role in major illnesses, such as anxiety and mood disorders, schizophrenia, autism-spectrum disorders, Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, and dementia. A multidisciplinary approach must be taken by European researchers to discover the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and how new technologies will lead to repair and regeneration of neuronal systems in the brain. The TINTIN proposal describes how early stage researchers (ESRs) and
25.208  How many projects have the objective of studying the molecular basis of dopamine neurodegeneration and developing new technologies for repairing and regenerating neuronal systems in the brain, with a multidisciplinary approach that includes research on metabolism and autophagy in neurons, induced pluripotent stem cells, neurorepair systems, computational modeling of metabolism in dopamine neurons, designing therapeutics specifically targeting dopamine neurons, glycan biomarker technologies, drug simulation and computational/mathematical models?
23.810  "How many projects have an objective that describes the role of dopamine neurons in major illnesses and propose a multidisciplinary approach to understand their molecular basis, repair and regeneration through advanced research training on metabolism, autophagy, induced pluripotent stem cells, neurorepair systems, computational modelling, glycan biomarker technologies and drug simulation?"
16.116  How many projects in the database have a stated objective of studying dopamine neurons and related neurodegenerative diseases, and how will the TINTIN proposal contribute to this research by training young researchers and merging key research groups across Europe?
14.714  How many projects have the objective of understanding dopamine neurons and their role in various diseases, and will provide advanced training to researchers on metabolism, autophagy, stem cells, neurorepair systems, glycan biomarker technologies, and computational modeling?
13.316  How many projects have the objective of investigating the role of dopamine neurons in various illnesses and training researchers in related areas through collaborations with universities and industry partners across Europe?
12.617  "How many projects have the objective of studying dopamine neurons and their role in various illnesses, with a focus on multidisciplinary research, training, and collaboration across universities and industry partners in Europe?"
9.815  How many projects in the database have the objective of studying dopamine neurodegeneration and regeneration, specifically focusing on topics such as metabolism, autophagy, stem cells, drug development, and glycan biomarkers?

