SELECT count(*) FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology."

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many subject areas have the description "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(1) How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(2) How many subject areas are there that have the description "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(3) How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(4) How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(5) How many subject areas are there with a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(6) How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
(7) How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?


Re-ranked choices:
12.617  How many subject areas have a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
12.616  How many subject areas have the description "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
12.616  How many subject areas are there that have the description "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?
12.616  How many subject areas are there with a description of "Formulation, evaluation or application of policies, policy strategies or plans of action for research and development in science and technology"?

