SELECT count(*) FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description = "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises."

###


Original Query:
SELECT count(*) FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description = "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) How many subject areas have a description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(1) How many subject areas have a description that states "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(2) How many subject areas have a description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(3) How many subject areas have the description "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(4) How many subject areas are there with the description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(5) How many subject areas have a description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(6) How many subject areas have a description that says "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
(7) How many subject areas have the description "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?


Re-ranked choices:
10.518  How many subject areas have the description "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
10.518  How many subject areas are there with the description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
10.518  How many subject areas have a description of "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
10.517  How many subject areas have a description that states "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?
10.517  How many subject areas have a description that says "Promotion of joint actions, the exchange of information, mobility, sharing of research resources, comparison exercises"?

