SELECT eu_territorial_units.description FROM eu_territorial_units AS eu_territorial_units    ORDER BY eu_territorial_units.geocode_level DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM eu_territorial_units AS T1    ORDER BY T1.geocode_level DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the description of the territorial unit with the highest geocode level from the EU territorial units table, sorted in descending order."
(1) Retrieve the description of the highest level geocode from EU territorial units in descending order.
(2) Retrieve the description of the highest level geocode from the EU territorial units in descending order.
(3) "Retrieve the description of the highest-level territorial unit from the EU's database, sorted in descending order, limited to only one result."
(4) "Get the description of the highest geocode level from the EU territorial units, ordered in descending order and limit to one result."
(5) Show the description of the most detailed territorial unit from the EU Territorial Units table, ordered in descending order by geocode level.
(6) Retrieve the description of the most detailed territorial unit in Europe from the "eu_territorial_units" table, ordered in descending order by its geocode level and limited to only one result.
(7) Get the description of the territorial unit with the highest geocode level from the table "eu_territorial_units", ordered in descending order, limited to one result.


Re-ranked choices:
8.426  Retrieve the description of the highest level geocode from EU territorial units in descending order.
8.425  Retrieve the description of the highest level geocode from the EU territorial units in descending order.
8.421  "Retrieve the description of the territorial unit with the highest geocode level from the EU territorial units table, sorted in descending order."
7.721  Show the description of the most detailed territorial unit from the EU Territorial Units table, ordered in descending order by geocode level.
7.025  "Get the description of the highest geocode level from the EU territorial units, ordered in descending order and limit to one result."
6.316  Retrieve the description of the most detailed territorial unit in Europe from the "eu_territorial_units" table, ordered in descending order by its geocode level and limited to only one result.
5.617  Get the description of the territorial unit with the highest geocode level from the table "eu_territorial_units", ordered in descending order, limited to one result.
4.220  "Retrieve the description of the highest-level territorial unit from the EU's database, sorted in descending order, limited to only one result."

