SELECT projects.unics_id FROM projects AS projects    ORDER BY projects.total_cost DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.unics_id FROM projects AS T1    ORDER BY T1.total_cost DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the projects table, ordered in descending order by total cost and limited to one result.
(1) Get the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the Projects table, in descending order, limited to one result.
(2) Retrieve the unics_id of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order and limited to 1 result.
(3) Find the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost, in descending order.
(4) What is the unique ID of the project with the highest total cost, when projects are arranged in descending order based on their total cost?
(5) Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the Projects table.
(6) Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from all projects, in descending order.
(7) Find the project's UNICS ID with the highest total cost, and arrange them in descending order, then only select the top result.


Re-ranked choices:
7.723  Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the projects table, ordered in descending order by total cost and limited to one result.
7.043  Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the Projects table.
7.028  Get the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from the Projects table, in descending order, limited to one result.
5.638  Retrieve the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost from all projects, in descending order.
4.245  Find the UNICS ID of the project with the highest total cost, in descending order.
4.232  What is the unique ID of the project with the highest total cost, when projects are arranged in descending order based on their total cost?
4.229  Find the project's UNICS ID with the highest total cost, and arrange them in descending order, then only select the top result.
1.425  Retrieve the unics_id of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order and limited to 1 result.

