SELECT projects.ec_call FROM projects AS projects    ORDER BY projects.end_year DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.ec_call FROM projects AS T1    ORDER BY T1.end_year DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Show the name of the European Commission project that was last called in order from newest to oldest.
(1) Retrieve the call for European Commission from the most recent project in descending order by end year, limited to one result.
(2) Get the EC call for the latest project in descending order by end year from the projects table.
(3) "Retrieve the EC call of the most recent project, sorted by end year in descending order."
(4) Get the EC call for all projects in descending order by end year and limit the results to one.
(5) Retrieve the EC call from the most recent project, ordered by end year in descending order.
(6) Find the ec_call column from the projects table and order the results by the end_year column in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
(7) Get the economic call from the most recent project, sorted by end year in descending order, with a limit of one result.


Re-ranked choices:
7.744  Get the EC call for the latest project in descending order by end year from the projects table.
7.742  Get the EC call for all projects in descending order by end year and limit the results to one.
6.342  "Retrieve the EC call of the most recent project, sorted by end year in descending order."
6.342  Retrieve the EC call from the most recent project, ordered by end year in descending order.
4.932  Get the economic call from the most recent project, sorted by end year in descending order, with a limit of one result.
3.526  Retrieve the call for European Commission from the most recent project in descending order by end year, limited to one result.
2.126  Find the ec_call column from the projects table and order the results by the end_year column in descending order, with a limit of 1 result.
0.037  Show the name of the European Commission project that was last called in order from newest to oldest.

