SELECT projects.start_date FROM projects AS projects    ORDER BY projects.principal_investigator DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.start_date FROM projects AS T1    ORDER BY T1.principal_investigator DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the start date of the project with the highest ranking principal investigator, in ascending order, limiting to only one result.
(1) Get the start date of the most recent project in ascending order by principal investigator.
(2) Retrieve the starting date of the project with the highest-ranked principal investigator, sorted in descending order by their rank, limited to only one result.
(3) Get the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator.
(4) Find the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator.
(5) "Retrieve the start date of the project with the highest principal investigator, in ascending order, from the list of projects."
(6) Find the start date of the project with the highest ranking principal investigator, in ascending order, limited to one result.
(7) What is the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator, sorted in descending order by principal investigator, and limited to only one result?


Re-ranked choices:
4.929  Get the start date of the most recent project in ascending order by principal investigator.
4.919  What is the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator, sorted in descending order by principal investigator, and limited to only one result?
4.242  Get the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator.
4.242  Find the start date of the project with the highest ranked principal investigator.
4.227  "Retrieve the start date of the project with the highest principal investigator, in ascending order, from the list of projects."
4.224  Find the start date of the project with the highest ranking principal investigator, in ascending order, limited to one result.
4.224  Find the start date of the project with the highest ranking principal investigator, in ascending order, limiting to only one result.
3.520  Retrieve the starting date of the project with the highest-ranked principal investigator, sorted in descending order by their rank, limited to only one result.

