SELECT projects.start_date FROM projects AS projects    ORDER BY projects.total_cost DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.start_date FROM projects AS T1    ORDER BY T1.total_cost DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Show the start date of the project with the highest total cost, ordered by descending total cost.
(1) Show the start date of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order by total cost and limit to 1 result.
(2) Get the start date of the project with the highest total cost.
(3) "Get the start date from the projects table, order by total cost in descending order and limit the results to one."
(4) Show the start date for the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order, limited to one result.
(5) Get the start date of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order by total cost, from the table of projects.
(6) Find the start date of the project with the highest total cost, in ascending order.
(7) Get the start date from the projects table, order by the total cost in descending order, and limit the result to 1 row.


Re-ranked choices:
7.734  Get the start date from the projects table, order by the total cost in descending order, and limit the result to 1 row.
7.733  "Get the start date from the projects table, order by total cost in descending order and limit the results to one."
6.329  Show the start date of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order by total cost and limit to 1 result.
4.939  Show the start date of the project with the highest total cost, ordered by descending total cost.
4.933  Get the start date of the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order by total cost, from the table of projects.
4.291  Get the start date of the project with the highest total cost.
4.254  Find the start date of the project with the highest total cost, in ascending order.
4.230  Show the start date for the project with the highest total cost, sorted in descending order, limited to one result.

