SELECT countries.country_name FROM countries AS countries    ORDER BY countries.unics_id DESC LIMIT 1

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.country_name FROM countries AS T1    ORDER BY T1.unics_id DESC LIMIT 1
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Retrieve the country name from the countries table in descending order based on their unique identifier, limited to the first result."
(1) Retrieve the country name from the table "countries" and sort them in descending order by their unique identifier, only selecting the top 1 result.
(2) Retrieve the name of the last country in the list sorted by unique ID number.
(3) "Get the name of the country with the highest unique ID from the table countries, ordered in descending order and limit the result to only one."
(4) Retrieve the name of the country from the countries table, ordered by its unique ID in descending order, and limit the result to only one record.
(5) Get the name of the country with the highest unics_id, sorted in descending order, from the table countries.
(6) "Retrieve the name of the country from the table countries, ordering by the unique identifier in descending order and only returning the last record."
(7) Give me the country name from the countries table, sorted in descending order by its unique ID and limit the results to 1.


Re-ranked choices:
6.330  Give me the country name from the countries table, sorted in descending order by its unique ID and limit the results to 1.
6.327  Retrieve the name of the country from the countries table, ordered by its unique ID in descending order, and limit the result to only one record.
4.954  Retrieve the name of the last country in the list sorted by unique ID number.
4.924  Retrieve the country name from the table "countries" and sort them in descending order by their unique identifier, only selecting the top 1 result.
4.227  "Get the name of the country with the highest unique ID from the table countries, ordered in descending order and limit the result to only one."
4.226  "Retrieve the country name from the countries table in descending order based on their unique identifier, limited to the first result."
3.524  "Retrieve the name of the country from the table countries, ordering by the unique identifier in descending order and only returning the last record."
2.830  Get the name of the country with the highest unics_id, sorted in descending order, from the table countries.

