SELECT countries.geocode_country_code FROM countries AS countries WHERE countries.country_code3 = "JAM" and countries.country_code2 = "DO"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.geocode_country_code FROM countries AS T1 WHERE T1.country_code3 = "JAM" and T1.country_code2 = "DO"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the geocode country code from the "countries" table where the country code3 is "JAM" and the country code2 is "DO".
(1) Retrieve the geocode country code from the countries table where the country_code3 is equal to "JAM" and the country_code2 is equal to "DO".
(2) Get the geocode country code for the country with a country code of "JAM" and a country code 2 of "DO" from the countries table.
(3) What is the geocode country code for the country with a three-character country code of "JAM" and a two-character country code of "DO"?
(4) Retrieve the geocode country code from the countries table for a country with a country code 3 of "JAM" and a country code 2 of "DO".
(5) "Get the geocode country code for a country with a 3-letter code of JAM and a 2-letter code of DO from the countries table."
(6) Find the geocode country code for a country with a 3-character country code of "JAM" and a 2-character country code of "DO".
(7) Show me the geocode country code for the country with a country code of "JAM" and a country code2 of "DO".


Re-ranked choices:
9.838  Retrieve the geocode country code from the "countries" table where the country code3 is "JAM" and the country code2 is "DO".
7.044  Show me the geocode country code for the country with a country code of "JAM" and a country code2 of "DO".
7.036  Get the geocode country code for the country with a country code of "JAM" and a country code 2 of "DO" from the countries table.
7.034  Retrieve the geocode country code from the countries table where the country_code3 is equal to "JAM" and the country_code2 is equal to "DO".
7.033  "Get the geocode country code for a country with a 3-letter code of JAM and a 2-letter code of DO from the countries table."
7.030  Retrieve the geocode country code from the countries table for a country with a country code 3 of "JAM" and a country code 2 of "DO".
5.632  Find the geocode country code for a country with a 3-character country code of "JAM" and a 2-character country code of "DO".
5.630  What is the geocode country code for the country with a three-character country code of "JAM" and a two-character country code of "DO"?

