SELECT projects.end_date FROM projects AS projects WHERE projects.ec_max_contribution = 1484854.0 and projects.objective = ""Air quality is strongly dependent on weather and is therefore sensitive to climate variability and climate change. On the other hand, air pollution affects the atmospheric composition which in turn affects the earth's radiative budget and the earth's climate. Hence the climate and the air quality are intimately interactive parts of the earth's system and the feedbacks between them can act to amplify or dampen climate sensitivity. These complex interactions are not well understood but are critical to the behavior of the system as a whole and should be taken into consideration into the design of effective policies.
The REQUA project aims at strengthening the research partnership through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA and China working in the field of regional climate-air quality interactions. The general scientific goal is to advance the current understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system. The project will be based on two regional chemistry-climate models, one developed in USA and one in Europe: (i) WRF-CMAQ, a well established online modeling system, and (ii) RegCM-CHEM, an integrated regional climate model with a reduced chemical scheme.
The consortium consists of a team of 8 partners, namely 4 EU research teams (from Greece, Italy, Bulgaria and UK) and 4 from third countries (USA and China). All participants have extensive experience in different aspects of air quality/climate interactions, combining different aspects expressed by different skills, tools and equipment. Most of the partners have already developed some collaboration, however the consortium is novel.
The planned activities include joint research work, workshops, training courses and seminars. All activities are designed to exploit complementary expertise of the participants and to create synergies between them. They are also planned to create additional benefits for the participants in terms of transfer of knowledge.""

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.end_date FROM projects AS T1 WHERE T1.ec_max_contribution = 1484854.0 and T1.objective = ""Air quality is strongly dependent on weather and is therefore sensitive to climate variability and climate change. On the other hand, air pollution affects the atmospheric composition which in turn affects the earth's radiative budget and the earth's climate. Hence the climate and the air quality are intimately interactive parts of the earth's system and the feedbacks between them can act to amplify or dampen climate sensitivity. These complex interactions are not well understood but are critical to the behavior of the system as a whole and should be taken into consideration into the design of effective policies.
The REQUA project aims at strengthening the research partnership through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA and China working in the field of regional climate-air quality interactions. The general scientific goal is to advance the current understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system. The project will be based on two regional chemistry-climate models, one developed in USA and one in Europe: (i) WRF-CMAQ, a well established online modeling system, and (ii) RegCM-CHEM, an integrated regional climate model with a reduced chemical scheme.
The consortium consists of a team of 8 partners, namely 4 EU research teams (from Greece, Italy, Bulgaria and UK) and 4 from third countries (USA and China). All participants have extensive experience in different aspects of air quality/climate interactions, combining different aspects expressed by different skills, tools and equipment. Most of the partners have already developed some collaboration, however the consortium is novel.
The planned activities include joint research work, workshops, training courses and seminars. All activities are designed to exploit complementary expertise of the participants and to create synergies between them. They are also planned to create additional benefits for the participants in terms of transfer of knowledge.""
GPT-3 choices:
(0) When does the REQUA project, which aims to improve understanding of regional climate-air quality interactions through research partnership and networking activities between European, American, and Chinese research groups using two regional chemistry-climate models and involving 8 partners with extensive experience in air quality/climate interactions, workshops, training courses, and seminars to create synergies and transfer knowledge for improving policies regarding the impact of air pollution on climate change, end?
(1) Find the end date of the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to the interaction between climate and air quality, which aims to advance understanding through staff exchanges and networking between research groups in Europe, USA, and China.
(2) What is the end date for the project with a maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and objective of improving understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system through research partnerships, staff exchanges, and networking activities between European, American, and Chinese teams?
(3) What is the end date of the project with a maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective focused on understanding interactions between climate and air quality, including a collaboration between research groups in Europe, USA, and China?
(4) "What is the end date of the project with an EC max contribution of 1484854.0 and objective of studying regional climate-air quality interactions through staff exchanges, networking activities, joint research work, workshops, training courses, and seminars among a consortium of 8 partners from Europe, USA, and China?"
(5) What is the end date of the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to air quality and climate change, specifically aiming to strengthen research partnerships between Europe, USA, and China in order to advance understanding of regional climate-air quality interactions through a consortium consisting of 8 partners?
(6) What is the end date for the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective of "Air quality is strongly dependent on weather and is therefore sensitive to climate variability and climate change", specifically focusing on understanding interactions between different components of the earth system, through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA, and China working in this field?
(7) What is the end date of the project that has an EC max contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to air quality, climate variability, climate change, atmospheric composition, earth's radiative budget, and the earth's climate with a goal to advance understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA, and China working with regional chemistry-climate models WRF-CMAQ and RegCM-CHEM?


Re-ranked choices:
18.217  What is the end date for the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective of "Air quality is strongly dependent on weather and is therefore sensitive to climate variability and climate change", specifically focusing on understanding interactions between different components of the earth system, through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA, and China working in this field?
16.814  What is the end date of the project that has an EC max contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to air quality, climate variability, climate change, atmospheric composition, earth's radiative budget, and the earth's climate with a goal to advance understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system through staff exchanges and networking activities between research groups in Europe, USA, and China working with regional chemistry-climate models WRF-CMAQ and RegCM-CHEM?
12.619  What is the end date of the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to air quality and climate change, specifically aiming to strengthen research partnerships between Europe, USA, and China in order to advance understanding of regional climate-air quality interactions through a consortium consisting of 8 partners?
11.922  "What is the end date of the project with an EC max contribution of 1484854.0 and objective of studying regional climate-air quality interactions through staff exchanges, networking activities, joint research work, workshops, training courses, and seminars among a consortium of 8 partners from Europe, USA, and China?"
11.225  Find the end date of the project with an EC maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective related to the interaction between climate and air quality, which aims to advance understanding through staff exchanges and networking between research groups in Europe, USA, and China.
10.523  What is the end date of the project with a maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and an objective focused on understanding interactions between climate and air quality, including a collaboration between research groups in Europe, USA, and China?
9.820  What is the end date for the project with a maximum contribution of 1484854.0 and objective of improving understanding of interactions between different components of the earth system through research partnerships, staff exchanges, and networking activities between European, American, and Chinese teams?
7.708  When does the REQUA project, which aims to improve understanding of regional climate-air quality interactions through research partnership and networking activities between European, American, and Chinese research groups using two regional chemistry-climate models and involving 8 partners with extensive experience in air quality/climate interactions, workshops, training courses, and seminars to create synergies and transfer knowledge for improving policies regarding the impact of air pollution on climate change, end?

