SELECT eu_territorial_units.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS eu_territorial_units WHERE eu_territorial_units.geocode_regions = "DE136" and eu_territorial_units.description = "Staffordshire CC"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS T1 WHERE T1.geocode_regions = "DE136" and T1.description = "Staffordshire CC"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the geocode level for the Staffordshire county within Germany, from the EU territorial units table.
(1) Find the geocode level for Staffordshire County Council in Germany with a corresponding geocode region of "DE136" from the EU Territorial Units dataset.
(2) Find the geocode level for Staffordshire County in Germany.
(3) What is the geocode level for Staffordshire CC in Germany?
(4) Find the geocode level of EU territorial units where the geocode regions is "DE136" and the description is "Staffordshire CC".
(5) Retrieve the geographic code level for the Staffordshire County Council in Germany, where the description is "Staffordshire CC".
(6) "Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table where the geocode region is 'DE136' and the description is 'Staffordshire CC'."
(7) Find the geocode level for the European Union territorial unit with a geocode region of "DE136" and a description of "Staffordshire CC".


Re-ranked choices:
11.930  Find the geocode level of EU territorial units where the geocode regions is "DE136" and the description is "Staffordshire CC".
10.528  "Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table where the geocode region is 'DE136' and the description is 'Staffordshire CC'."
8.424  Find the geocode level for Staffordshire County Council in Germany with a corresponding geocode region of "DE136" from the EU Territorial Units dataset.
7.732  Find the geocode level for the Staffordshire county within Germany, from the EU territorial units table.
7.728  Find the geocode level for the European Union territorial unit with a geocode region of "DE136" and a description of "Staffordshire CC".
4.281  What is the geocode level for Staffordshire CC in Germany?
4.226  Retrieve the geographic code level for the Staffordshire County Council in Germany, where the description is "Staffordshire CC".
3.568  Find the geocode level for Staffordshire County in Germany.

