SELECT subject_areas.description FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.title = "Medicine and Health" and subject_areas.code = "AER"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Medicine and Health" and T1.code = "AER"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the description of the subject area with title "Medicine and Health" and code "AER"?
(1) Find the description for the subject area titled "Medicine and Health" with a code of "AER".
(2) What is the description of the subject area with a title of "Medicine and Health" and a code of "AER"?
(3) "Retrieve the description from subject areas where the title is 'Medicine and Health' and the code is 'AER'."
(4) "Retrieve the description from the subject areas table where the title is 'Medicine and Health' and the code is 'AER'."
(5) "Retrieve the description for the subject area titled 'Medicine and Health' with the code 'AER' from the table 'subject_areas'."
(6) Retrieve the description of the subject area "Medicine and Health" with a code of "AER" from the table "subject_areas".
(7) Retrieve the description of the subject area "Medicine and Health" with the code "AER" from the table "subject_areas".


Re-ranked choices:
9.144  "Retrieve the description from subject areas where the title is 'Medicine and Health' and the code is 'AER'."
9.134  "Retrieve the description from the subject areas table where the title is 'Medicine and Health' and the code is 'AER'."
7.750  What is the description of the subject area with title "Medicine and Health" and code "AER"?
7.747  What is the description of the subject area with a title of "Medicine and Health" and a code of "AER"?
6.350  Find the description for the subject area titled "Medicine and Health" with a code of "AER".
6.337  Retrieve the description of the subject area "Medicine and Health" with the code "AER" from the table "subject_areas".
6.336  Retrieve the description of the subject area "Medicine and Health" with a code of "AER" from the table "subject_areas".
6.332  "Retrieve the description for the subject area titled 'Medicine and Health' with the code 'AER' from the table 'subject_areas'."

