SELECT subject_areas.title FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.code = "TRA" or subject_areas.description = "Aeronauticaltechnology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.title FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.code = "TRA" or T1.description = "Aeronauticaltechnology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the title from the subject areas table where the code is "TRA" or the description contains "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
(1) Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description includes "Aeronautical technology, aircraft, avionics, space exploration and technology".
(2) What is the title of the subject area for Aeronautical technology, aircraft, avionics, space exploration and technology?
(3) Get the title from the subject_areas table where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
(4) Retrieve the title of subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
(5) Find the title of subject area in which the code is "TRA" or the description includes "Aeronauticaltechnology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
(6) Retrieve the title of all subject areas from the table "subject_areas" where the code is equal to "TRA" or the description is equal to "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology".
(7) Retrieve the title of subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology".


Re-ranked choices:
11.221  Retrieve the title of subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology".
11.218  Retrieve the title of all subject areas from the table "subject_areas" where the code is equal to "TRA" or the description is equal to "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology".
10.521  Retrieve the title of subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
10.519  Retrieve the title from the subject areas table where the code is "TRA" or the description contains "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
9.820  Retrieve the title of all subject areas where the code is "TRA" or the description includes "Aeronautical technology, aircraft, avionics, space exploration and technology".
9.819  Find the title of subject area in which the code is "TRA" or the description includes "Aeronauticaltechnology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
7.720  Get the title from the subject_areas table where the code is "TRA" or the description is "Aeronautical technology; aircraft; avionics; space exploration and technology."
4.222  What is the title of the subject area for Aeronautical technology, aircraft, avionics, space exploration and technology?

