SELECT subject_areas.description FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.title = "Agriculture" or subject_areas.code = "REG"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.description FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.title = "Agriculture" or T1.code = "REG"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the description of the subject area with a title of "Agriculture" or code of "REG"?
(1) Retrieve the description for the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG".
(2) Find the description of the subject area with a title of "Agriculture" or a code of "REG".
(3) Retrieve the description of all subject areas where the title is "Agriculture" or the code is "REG".
(4) Find the description for the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG" in the table "subject_areas".
(5) Retrieve the description of subject areas with a title of "Agriculture" or a code of "REG" from the table "subject_areas".
(6) Retrieve the description of the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG".
(7) "Retrieve the description from the subject areas table where the title is equal to "Agriculture" or the code is equal to "REG"."


Re-ranked choices:
8.434  Retrieve the description of all subject areas where the title is "Agriculture" or the code is "REG".
8.427  Retrieve the description of subject areas with a title of "Agriculture" or a code of "REG" from the table "subject_areas".
8.426  "Retrieve the description from the subject areas table where the title is equal to "Agriculture" or the code is equal to "REG"."
7.039  What is the description of the subject area with a title of "Agriculture" or code of "REG"?
7.039  Find the description of the subject area with a title of "Agriculture" or a code of "REG".
5.642  Retrieve the description for the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG".
5.642  Retrieve the description of the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG".
5.634  Find the description for the subject area "Agriculture" or with the code "REG" in the table "subject_areas".

