SELECT projects.title FROM projects AS projects WHERE projects.objective = """"IN²LISBON - Innovative and Inclusive Lisbon"" will investigate whether and how public policies and private investments that announce “innovation” in two neighbourhoods of Lisbon (Beato and Marvila), Portugal, promote or neglect the social inclusion of subaltern groups (women, ethnic minorities and low-income residents) and diversity in this city. These interventions are advertised as vehicles for the establishment of “innovative and creative industries”; for the creation of an “open, entrepreneurial city and a world reference”; and the consolidation of Portugal's status as a “cosmopolitan, open and innovative” country. However, the governance of this urban renewal process can also reproduce privileges and hierarchies, and even reinforce dynamics of urban segregation and inequality within the city. The Beato and Marvila area offers a privileged vantage point for the interests of this investigation, due to the clear articulation between urban renewal operations, on the one hand, and the existence of municipal and national symbolic strategies aimed at repositioning Lisbon and Portugal on the global map. Second, due to the scale and the fast pace that characterize this process in the context of a post-crisis economic recovery phase. Third, due to its timing: since the beginning of the current pandemic, many plans, deadlines and ideas for these projects are being discussed, and IN²LISBON will also be well positioned to contribute to this debate. The researcher will count on the contribution and partnership of the Institute of Social Sciences of the University of Lisbon (ICS-ULisboa), with excellent academic resources, namely the stimulating and productive research group Environment, Territory and Society. Based on this unique experience, the researcher intends to assume a more qualified and powerful position to continue his academic career in Brazil."" or projects.cordis_ref = "100381"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.title FROM projects AS T1 WHERE T1.objective = """"IN²LISBON - Innovative and Inclusive Lisbon"" will investigate whether and how public policies and private investments that announce “innovation” in two neighbourhoods of Lisbon (Beato and Marvila), Portugal, promote or neglect the social inclusion of subaltern groups (women, ethnic minorities and low-income residents) and diversity in this city. These interventions are advertised as vehicles for the establishment of “innovative and creative industries”; for the creation of an “open, entrepreneurial city and a world reference”; and the consolidation of Portugal's status as a “cosmopolitan, open and innovative” country. However, the governance of this urban renewal process can also reproduce privileges and hierarchies, and even reinforce dynamics of urban segregation and inequality within the city. The Beato and Marvila area offers a privileged vantage point for the interests of this investigation, due to the clear articulation between urban renewal operations, on the one hand, and the existence of municipal and national symbolic strategies aimed at repositioning Lisbon and Portugal on the global map. Second, due to the scale and the fast pace that characterize this process in the context of a post-crisis economic recovery phase. Third, due to its timing: since the beginning of the current pandemic, many plans, deadlines and ideas for these projects are being discussed, and IN²LISBON will also be well positioned to contribute to this debate. The researcher will count on the contribution and partnership of the Institute of Social Sciences of the University of Lisbon (ICS-ULisboa), with excellent academic resources, namely the stimulating and productive research group Environment, Territory and Society. Based on this unique experience, the researcher intends to assume a more qualified and powerful position to continue his academic career in Brazil."" or T1.cordis_ref = "100381"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the title of projects that investigate the impact of urban renewal policies and private investments on social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods, with a focus on how they align with municipal and national strategies for economic recovery and global positioning.
(1) Retrieve the title of projects from the table "projects" where the objective is to investigate whether public policies and private investments promoting innovation in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods also promote social inclusion for marginalized groups, with a focus on women, ethnic minorities, and low-income residents.
(2) Retrieve the title of all projects where their objective is to investigate whether and how public policies and private investments in two neighbourhoods of Lisbon promote social inclusion and diversity, specifically focusing on the Beato and Marvila area.
(3) Retrieve the title of projects that are investigating the impact of public policies and private investments on social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods, with a focus on the potential for urban segregation and inequality, in partnership with ICS-ULisboa.
(4) What are the titles of projects that will investigate how public policies and private investments for urban renewal in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighbourhoods promote or neglect social inclusion and diversity, with a focus on the researcher's experience as a partnership with ICS-ULisboa and future academic career opportunities?
(5) What are the objectives and impacts of the IN²LISBON project in promoting social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighbourhoods, and how does it relate to broader policies and investments in Portugal?
(6) What are the titles of projects that investigate the potential impact of public policies and private investments promoting innovation in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods on social inclusion and diversity, with a focus on urban renewal processes during the post-crisis economic recovery phase?
(7) What are the projects with the title "IN²LISBON - Innovative and Inclusive Lisbon" or with Cordis reference number "100381" that aim to investigate how public policies and private investments in the Beato and Marvila neighborhoods of Lisbon promote or neglect social inclusion and diversity, potentially reinforcing urban segregation and inequality within the city?


Re-ranked choices:
23.110  What are the titles of projects that will investigate how public policies and private investments for urban renewal in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighbourhoods promote or neglect social inclusion and diversity, with a focus on the researcher's experience as a partnership with ICS-ULisboa and future academic career opportunities?
23.110  What are the projects with the title "IN²LISBON - Innovative and Inclusive Lisbon" or with Cordis reference number "100381" that aim to investigate how public policies and private investments in the Beato and Marvila neighborhoods of Lisbon promote or neglect social inclusion and diversity, potentially reinforcing urban segregation and inequality within the city?
21.712  Find the title of projects that investigate the impact of urban renewal policies and private investments on social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods, with a focus on how they align with municipal and national strategies for economic recovery and global positioning.
20.312  Retrieve the title of projects from the table "projects" where the objective is to investigate whether public policies and private investments promoting innovation in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods also promote social inclusion for marginalized groups, with a focus on women, ethnic minorities, and low-income residents.
18.211  Retrieve the title of projects that are investigating the impact of public policies and private investments on social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods, with a focus on the potential for urban segregation and inequality, in partnership with ICS-ULisboa.
17.513  Retrieve the title of all projects where their objective is to investigate whether and how public policies and private investments in two neighbourhoods of Lisbon promote social inclusion and diversity, specifically focusing on the Beato and Marvila area.
17.512  What are the titles of projects that investigate the potential impact of public policies and private investments promoting innovation in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighborhoods on social inclusion and diversity, with a focus on urban renewal processes during the post-crisis economic recovery phase?
10.514  What are the objectives and impacts of the IN²LISBON project in promoting social inclusion and diversity in Lisbon's Beato and Marvila neighbourhoods, and how does it relate to broader policies and investments in Portugal?

