SELECT programmes.rcn FROM programmes AS programmes WHERE programmes.short_name = "Management of materials components" or programmes.parent = "ENERGY-3.5"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM programmes AS T1 WHERE T1.short_name = "Management of materials components" or T1.parent = "ENERGY-3.5"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
(1) Find the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
(2) Find the RCN of the programme with the short name "Management of materials components" or with a parent programme named "ENERGY-3.5".
(3) Find the Research Council Number for the programme titled "Management of materials components" or any programmes that have a parent programme with the title "ENERGY-3.5".
(4) Retrieve the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
(5) Find the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
(6) Find the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
(7) Find the rcn value of the programme with a short name of "Management of materials components" or a parent value of "ENERGY-3.5".


Re-ranked choices:
9.826  Find the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
9.826  Retrieve the RCN of programmes where the short name is "Management of materials components" or the parent is "ENERGY-3.5".
8.422  Find the RCN of the programme with the short name "Management of materials components" or with a parent programme named "ENERGY-3.5".
8.422  Find the rcn value of the programme with a short name of "Management of materials components" or a parent value of "ENERGY-3.5".
5.617  Find the Research Council Number for the programme titled "Management of materials components" or any programmes that have a parent programme with the title "ENERGY-3.5".

