SELECT programmes.rcn FROM programmes AS programmes WHERE programmes.short_name != "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM programmes AS T1 WHERE T1.short_name != "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) "Find the research council number of all programmes except for those with a short name of 'Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions'."
(1) Find the Research Council Number for all programmes except those with the short name "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(2) Retrieve the RCN of programmes where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(3) Find the Research Council Number of all programmes except for those with a short name of "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(4) Retrieve the RCN (Research Council Number) from the Programmes table where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(5) Find the RCN of all programmes except for those with a short name of "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(6) Get the RCN from the programmes table where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
(7) Find the RCN of all programmes, excluding "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".


Re-ranked choices:
7.054  Retrieve the RCN of programmes where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
7.047  Get the RCN from the programmes table where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
7.044  Find the RCN of all programmes except for those with a short name of "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
7.030  Retrieve the RCN (Research Council Number) from the Programmes table where the short name is not "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
5.634  "Find the research council number of all programmes except for those with a short name of 'Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions'."
5.634  Find the Research Council Number of all programmes except for those with a short name of "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
5.633  Find the Research Council Number for all programmes except those with the short name "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".
2.847  Find the RCN of all programmes, excluding "Marie-Sklodowska-Curie Actions".

