SELECT programmes.parent FROM programmes AS programmes WHERE programmes.short_name != "Research in support of international space partnerships"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.parent FROM programmes AS T1 WHERE T1.short_name != "Research in support of international space partnerships"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the parent programme of all programmes except for "Research in support of international space partnerships".
(1) Find the parent of all programmes that have a short name other than "Research in support of international space partnerships".
(2) Get the name of the parent programme for all programmes except "Research in support of international space partnerships".
(3) What is the name of the parent programme for programmes that have a short name other than "Research in support of international space partnerships"?
(4) Retrieve the parent programme of all programmes except for "Research in support of international space partnerships".
(5) "Retrieve the parent programme for all programmes except for 'Research in support of international space partnerships'."
(6) What is the name of the parent programme for all programmes except "Research in support of international space partnerships"?
(7) Retrieve the parent programme for all programmes, excluding those with a short name of "Research in support of international space partnerships".


Re-ranked choices:
9.825  Find the parent of all programmes that have a short name other than "Research in support of international space partnerships".
9.822  What is the name of the parent programme for programmes that have a short name other than "Research in support of international space partnerships"?
8.424  What is the name of the parent programme for all programmes except "Research in support of international space partnerships"?
8.422  Get the name of the parent programme for all programmes except "Research in support of international space partnerships".
8.420  Retrieve the parent programme for all programmes, excluding those with a short name of "Research in support of international space partnerships".
7.022  Retrieve the parent programme of all programmes except for "Research in support of international space partnerships".
7.022  "Retrieve the parent programme for all programmes except for 'Research in support of international space partnerships'."

