SELECT subject_areas.code FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description != "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the code for all subject areas that have a description other than "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD." from the table called subject_areas.
(1) "Retrieve the code from subject areas where the description is not equal to 'Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD.'"
(2) What are the codes for all subject areas, excluding "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD"?
(3) Retrieve the subject area codes for all subjects except "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD.".
(4) Find the subject areas with codes that are not "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD."
(5) What are the codes for subject areas that are not "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD"?
(6) What are the codes of subject areas that are not related to economic sciences, economic analysis and theory, or the economic aspects of RTD?
(7) Retrieve the codes of all subject areas that are not labeled as "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD".


Re-ranked choices:
9.827  Get the code for all subject areas that have a description other than "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD." from the table called subject_areas.
9.819  "Retrieve the code from subject areas where the description is not equal to 'Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD.'"
7.724  What are the codes for subject areas that are not "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD"?
7.723  Retrieve the codes of all subject areas that are not labeled as "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD".
7.025  Find the subject areas with codes that are not "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD."
6.323  What are the codes for all subject areas, excluding "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD"?
5.623  Retrieve the subject area codes for all subjects except "Economic sciences; economic analysis and theory; economic aspects of RTD.".
5.622  What are the codes of subject areas that are not related to economic sciences, economic analysis and theory, or the economic aspects of RTD?

