SELECT funding_schemes.code FROM funding_schemes AS funding_schemes WHERE funding_schemes.title != "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM funding_schemes AS T1 WHERE T1.title != "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the code for all funding schemes, excluding "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
(1) Retrieve the codes from funding schemes where the title is not "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
(2) What are the codes for all funding schemes except "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"?
(3) Find the code for all funding schemes, except the one titled "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
(4) "Get the code from funding schemes where the title is not 'Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action'."
(5) Get the code from all funding schemes except for "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
(6) Retrieve the code for all funding schemes where the title is not "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
(7) What are the codes for all funding schemes except the one titled "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"?


Re-ranked choices:
9.130  "Get the code from funding schemes where the title is not 'Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action'."
9.129  Retrieve the code for all funding schemes where the title is not "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
7.730  Retrieve the codes from funding schemes where the title is not "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
7.729  Get the code from all funding schemes except for "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
6.330  Find the code for all funding schemes, except the one titled "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".
6.329  What are the codes for all funding schemes except "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"?
6.329  What are the codes for all funding schemes except the one titled "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action"?
6.327  Find the code for all funding schemes, excluding "Bio-based Industries Coordination and Support action".

