SELECT eu_territorial_units.geocode_regions FROM eu_territorial_units AS eu_territorial_units WHERE eu_territorial_units.description != "Cheshire West and Chester"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.geocode_regions FROM eu_territorial_units AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Cheshire West and Chester"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the geocode regions from the EU territorial units table where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester".
(1) Retrieve the geocode regions from the table of European territorial units where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester".
(2) What are the geocode regions for all EU territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester?
(3) Retrieve the geocode regions for all European territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester.
(4) Get the geocode regions from the EU territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester.
(5) "Retrieve the geographic code regions from the EU territorial units where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester"."
(6) Retrieve the geocode regions for all territorial units from the European Union except for "Cheshire West and Chester".
(7) Retrieve the geographic region code for all entries in the EU territorial units table except for those with a description of "Cheshire West and Chester".


Re-ranked choices:
10.536  Find the geocode regions from the EU territorial units table where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester".
9.127  Retrieve the geocode regions from the table of European territorial units where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester".
9.124  "Retrieve the geographic code regions from the EU territorial units where the description is not "Cheshire West and Chester"."
8.444  Get the geocode regions from the EU territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester.
8.442  What are the geocode regions for all EU territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester?
7.733  Retrieve the geocode regions for all territorial units from the European Union except for "Cheshire West and Chester".
7.723  Retrieve the geographic region code for all entries in the EU territorial units table except for those with a description of "Cheshire West and Chester".
7.033  Retrieve the geocode regions for all European territorial units except for Cheshire West and Chester.

