SELECT topics.code FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title != "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title != "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the codes of all topics, excluding "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(1) Retrieve the code of all topics except for "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(2) Find the topic codes for all topics except "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(3) What are the codes of all topics except "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology"?
(4) Find the codes of all topics whose title is not "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(5) Retrieve the topic codes for all topics with a title that is not "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(6) Find the code of topics excluding "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
(7) Find the code for topics that are not titled "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".


Re-ranked choices:
7.025  Find the codes of all topics whose title is not "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
7.024  Find the code for topics that are not titled "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
7.023  Retrieve the topic codes for all topics with a title that is not "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
7.022  Retrieve the code of all topics except for "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
7.020  Find the code of topics excluding "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
5.624  What are the codes of all topics except "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology"?
5.622  Find the topic codes for all topics except "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".
4.219  Retrieve the codes of all topics, excluding "Thermoelectric energy converters based on nanotechnology".

