SELECT activity_types.code FROM activity_types AS activity_types WHERE activity_types.description != "Tuscan Research Centers"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM activity_types AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Tuscan Research Centers"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the codes for all activity types from the "activity_types" table except for those with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".
(1) Find the code for all activity types except Tuscan Research Centers.
(2) Find the code for all activity types that are not Tuscan Research Centers.
(3) Retrieve the code of all activity types from the database table "activity_types" where the description is not "Tuscan Research Centers".
(4) Find the code for all activity types where the description is not "Tuscan Research Centers".
(5) Find the code for all activity types that are not "Tuscan Research Centers".
(6) Retrieve the codes for all activity types from the table "activity_types" except for those with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".
(7) Get the code for all activity types from the "activity_types" table, excluding any with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".


Re-ranked choices:
7.737  Find the code for all activity types where the description is not "Tuscan Research Centers".
7.722  Retrieve the code of all activity types from the database table "activity_types" where the description is not "Tuscan Research Centers".
7.722  Get the code for all activity types from the "activity_types" table, excluding any with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".
6.342  Find the code for all activity types that are not "Tuscan Research Centers".
6.324  Get the codes for all activity types from the "activity_types" table except for those with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".
6.324  Retrieve the codes for all activity types from the table "activity_types" except for those with a description of "Tuscan Research Centers".
5.642  Find the code for all activity types that are not Tuscan Research Centers.
5.639  Find the code for all activity types except Tuscan Research Centers.

