SELECT topics.rcn FROM topics AS topics WHERE topics.title != "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.rcn FROM topics AS T1 WHERE T1.title != "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What is the RCN of all topics except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"?
(1) Retrieve the RCN values from the "topics" table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
(2) What is the RCN of topics that have a title other than "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"?
(3) Find the research council numbers for all topics, except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
(4) Find the record control number from the "topics" table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
(5) Find the RCN of topics that have a title other than "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
(6) Get the RCN of all topics except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
(7) Get the RCN value from the Topics table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".


Re-ranked choices:
11.924  What is the RCN of topics that have a title other than "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"?
11.923  Get the RCN value from the Topics table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
11.922  Find the RCN of topics that have a title other than "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
11.921  Retrieve the RCN values from the "topics" table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
10.524  What is the RCN of all topics except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity"?
10.522  Get the RCN of all topics except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
10.521  Find the record control number from the "topics" table where the title is not "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".
7.721  Find the research council numbers for all topics, except for the one titled "Implementing a European Train-the-trainers initiative with regard to Ethics and Research Integrity".

