SELECT countries.unics_id FROM countries AS countries WHERE countries.country_name != "Saint Pierre and Miquelon"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.unics_id FROM countries AS T1 WHERE T1.country_name != "Saint Pierre and Miquelon"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Get the unique identifier of all countries except for "Saint Pierre and Miquelon" from the table of countries.
(1) Find the unique ID for all countries in the "countries" table, except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
(2) "Retrieve the unique identifier for all countries where the country name is not equal to "Saint Pierre and Miquelon"."
(3) Retrieve the unique identifier for all countries from the "countries" table, except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
(4) What is the unique ID for all countries except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon in the countries table?
(5) Find the unique ID of all countries in the table "countries" except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
(6) What is the unique ID for all countries, except Saint Pierre and Miquelon, in the countries table?
(7) Get the unique identifier for all countries in the table "countries" where the country name is not "Saint Pierre and Miquelon".


Re-ranked choices:
6.338  Get the unique identifier for all countries in the table "countries" where the country name is not "Saint Pierre and Miquelon".
6.333  "Retrieve the unique identifier for all countries where the country name is not equal to "Saint Pierre and Miquelon"."
4.954  What is the unique ID for all countries except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon in the countries table?
4.258  Find the unique ID for all countries in the "countries" table, except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
4.258  Find the unique ID of all countries in the table "countries" except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
4.258  What is the unique ID for all countries, except Saint Pierre and Miquelon, in the countries table?
3.538  Get the unique identifier of all countries except for "Saint Pierre and Miquelon" from the table of countries.
2.834  Retrieve the unique identifier for all countries from the "countries" table, except for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.

