SELECT subject_areas.code FROM subject_areas AS subject_areas WHERE subject_areas.description != "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM subject_areas AS T1 WHERE T1.description != "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What are the codes for all subject areas, excluding the one with the description "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies"?
(1) What is the code for subject areas excluding the one with description "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies"?
(2) Find the codes for subject areas where the description is not "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
(3) Find the code for subject areas that do not have the description of "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
(4) Get the code for all subject areas except for "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
(5) Retrieve the code for all subject areas where the description is not "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
(6) "Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is not 'Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies' from the table named 'subject_areas'."
(7) Retrieve the code for all subject areas except for "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies".


Re-ranked choices:
14.718  What is the code for subject areas excluding the one with description "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies"?
14.716  "Retrieve the code of subject areas where the description is not 'Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies' from the table named 'subject_areas'."
14.019  Find the code for subject areas that do not have the description of "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
14.018  Retrieve the code for all subject areas where the description is not "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
13.319  Retrieve the code for all subject areas except for "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies".
12.620  Find the codes for subject areas where the description is not "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
12.619  Get the code for all subject areas except for "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies."
11.919  What are the codes for all subject areas, excluding the one with the description "Identification of future developments in RTD and long-term strategic options; input to RTD policies; forecasting methodologies"?

