SELECT countries.country_code3 FROM countries AS countries JOIN institutions AS institutions ON countries.unics_id = institutions.country_id WHERE institutions.institutions_name != "IPSOS NV"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.country_code3 FROM countries AS T1 JOIN institutions AS T2 ON T1.unics_id = T2.country_id WHERE T2.institutions_name != "IPSOS NV"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the three-letter country code for all countries that have institutions whose name is not "IPSOS NV".
(1) Retrieve the country code3 of countries where the institution's name is not "IPSOS NV" by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their respective unics_id and country_id.
(2) Which three-letter country codes are associated with institutions that are not named "IPSOS NV" in the countries and institutions tables?
(3) What is the 3-letter country code for all countries where the institution name is not "IPSOS NV"?
(4) Retrieve the country code 3 for all countries that have institutions listed in the "institutions" table, excluding any institutions with the name "IPSOS NV".
(5) Retrieve the country code 3 for countries that are associated with institutions, but only include institutions where the institution name is not "IPSOS NV".
(6) "Retrieve the three-letter country code from the 'countries' table for all institutions whose name is not 'IPSOS NV', using the shared attribute 'country_id' between the 'institutions' and 'countries' tables."
(7) Retrieve the country code3 of countries where the institutions_name is not "IPSOS NV" and match the unics_id of countries with the country_id of institutions.


Re-ranked choices:
9.118  Retrieve the country code3 of countries where the institution's name is not "IPSOS NV" by joining the institutions table with the countries table on their respective unics_id and country_id.
7.031  Find the three-letter country code for all countries that have institutions whose name is not "IPSOS NV".
7.020  Retrieve the country code 3 for all countries that have institutions listed in the "institutions" table, excluding any institutions with the name "IPSOS NV".
7.019  Retrieve the country code 3 for countries that are associated with institutions, but only include institutions where the institution name is not "IPSOS NV".
7.018  "Retrieve the three-letter country code from the 'countries' table for all institutions whose name is not 'IPSOS NV', using the shared attribute 'country_id' between the 'institutions' and 'countries' tables."
5.635  What is the 3-letter country code for all countries where the institution name is not "IPSOS NV"?
5.621  Which three-letter country codes are associated with institutions that are not named "IPSOS NV" in the countries and institutions tables?
5.620  Retrieve the country code3 of countries where the institutions_name is not "IPSOS NV" and match the unics_id of countries with the country_id of institutions.

