SELECT eu_territorial_units.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS eu_territorial_units JOIN institutions AS institutions ON eu_territorial_units.geocode_regions = institutions.geocode_regions_3 WHERE institutions.institutions_name != "EURO-TOP SCRL"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS T1 JOIN institutions AS T2 ON T1.geocode_regions = T2.geocode_regions_3 WHERE T2.institutions_name != "EURO-TOP SCRL"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the geocode level from the EU territorial units where the institutions' geocode regions are equal to 3, excluding "EURO-TOP SCRL" from the institutions' names.
(1) Retrieve the geographic code level from EU territorial units where the geocode regions of institutions match those of EURO-TOP SCRL, excluding that specific institution.
(2) Retrieve the geographic code level for European Union territorial units from institutions where the institution name is not "EURO-TOP SCRL".
(3) Get the geocode level for all territorial units from the European Union that have a matching geocode region in institutions, excluding any rows where the institution name is "EURO-TOP SCRL".
(4) What is the geocode level for EU territorial units that have a matching geocode region in institutions, excluding "EURO-TOP SCRL"?
(5) Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table for all institutions where the geocode regions 3 in the institutions table are equal to the geocode regions in the EU territorial units table, but exclude any institution named "EURO-TOP SCRL".
(6) Retrieve the geocode level of EU territorial units where the geocode regions match those of institutions, excluding institutions with the name "EURO-TOP SCRL".
(7) Which geocode levels are associated with institutions that have a geocode_regions_3 value different from "EURO-TOP SCRL"?


Re-ranked choices:
12.621  Retrieve the geocode level of EU territorial units where the geocode regions match those of institutions, excluding institutions with the name "EURO-TOP SCRL".
12.614  Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table for all institutions where the geocode regions 3 in the institutions table are equal to the geocode regions in the EU territorial units table, but exclude any institution named "EURO-TOP SCRL".
11.221  Find the geocode level from the EU territorial units where the institutions' geocode regions are equal to 3, excluding "EURO-TOP SCRL" from the institutions' names.
10.519  Retrieve the geographic code level from EU territorial units where the geocode regions of institutions match those of EURO-TOP SCRL, excluding that specific institution.
8.423  What is the geocode level for EU territorial units that have a matching geocode region in institutions, excluding "EURO-TOP SCRL"?
8.419  Get the geocode level for all territorial units from the European Union that have a matching geocode region in institutions, excluding any rows where the institution name is "EURO-TOP SCRL".
8.418  Retrieve the geographic code level for European Union territorial units from institutions where the institution name is not "EURO-TOP SCRL".
4.221  Which geocode levels are associated with institutions that have a geocode_regions_3 value different from "EURO-TOP SCRL"?

