SELECT project_members.city FROM project_members AS project_members JOIN institutions AS institutions ON project_members.institution_id = institutions.unics_id WHERE institutions.country_id != 6

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.city FROM project_members AS T1 JOIN institutions AS T2 ON T1.institution_id = T2.unics_id WHERE T2.country_id != 6
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the cities of project members who belong to institutions in countries other than the United States.
(1) Find the cities of all project members who are associated with an institution that is not located in the United States.
(2) Find the cities of project members who are affiliated with institutions located in countries other than the United States.
(3) "Select the city of all project members from institutions that are not located in country 6."
(4) Find the city of project members who are affiliated with institutions that are not located in country with ID 6.
(5) Get the city of project members from institutions that are not located in country with ID 6.
(6) "Retrieve the cities of all project members who are affiliated with institutions that are not located in the country with ID 6."
(7) Retrieve the city of all project members from institutions outside of the United States.


Re-ranked choices:
8.439  Get the city of project members from institutions that are not located in country with ID 6.
8.427  Find the city of project members who are affiliated with institutions that are not located in country with ID 6.
7.036  "Select the city of all project members from institutions that are not located in country 6."
7.028  "Retrieve the cities of all project members who are affiliated with institutions that are not located in the country with ID 6."
5.635  Retrieve the city of all project members from institutions outside of the United States.
4.234  Retrieve the cities of project members who belong to institutions in countries other than the United States.
4.229  Find the cities of all project members who are associated with an institution that is not located in the United States.
4.225  Find the cities of project members who are affiliated with institutions located in countries other than the United States.

