SELECT projects.objective FROM projects AS projects JOIN funding_schemes AS funding_schemes ON projects.ec_fund_scheme = funding_schemes.code WHERE funding_schemes.code != "DS"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.objective FROM projects AS T1 JOIN funding_schemes AS T2 ON T1.ec_fund_scheme = T2.code WHERE T2.code != "DS"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Retrieve the objective of all projects that have a European Commission funding scheme code other than "DS".
(1) Retrieve the objective of all projects where the EC fund scheme is not "DS".
(2) "Retrieve the objective of all projects that are not funded by the European Commission's "DS" funding scheme, while joining with the funding schemes table."
(3) What are the objectives of all projects that have been funded by European Commission funding schemes, except for those with a code of "DS"?
(4) Get the objective of projects that are associated with a funding scheme code that is not "DS".
(5) Find the objectives of projects that are funded by any European Commission scheme except for the "DS" scheme.
(6) Find the objective of all projects where the funding scheme is not "DS".
(7) What are the objectives of all projects that have an EC funding scheme code that is not equal to "DS"?


Re-ranked choices:
7.775  Retrieve the objective of all projects where the EC fund scheme is not "DS".
7.747  What are the objectives of all projects that have an EC funding scheme code that is not equal to "DS"?
7.739  Get the objective of projects that are associated with a funding scheme code that is not "DS".
7.734  Retrieve the objective of all projects that have a European Commission funding scheme code other than "DS".
6.383  Find the objective of all projects where the funding scheme is not "DS".
6.322  "Retrieve the objective of all projects that are not funded by the European Commission's "DS" funding scheme, while joining with the funding schemes table."
4.929  What are the objectives of all projects that have been funded by European Commission funding schemes, except for those with a code of "DS"?
3.538  Find the objectives of projects that are funded by any European Commission scheme except for the "DS" scheme.

