SELECT funding_schemes.code FROM funding_schemes AS funding_schemes JOIN projects AS projects ON funding_schemes.code = projects.ec_fund_scheme WHERE projects.title != "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM funding_schemes AS T1 JOIN projects AS T2 ON T1.code = T2.ec_fund_scheme WHERE T2.title != "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) What are the codes of all funding schemes that have been used for projects other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
(1) Find the codes for all funding schemes associated with projects that have titles other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
(2) Find the funding scheme code for all projects that are not titled "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
(3) Find the code for all funding schemes that are used by projects with titles other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
(4) What is the funding scheme code for projects that are not titled "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
(5) What is the code of the funding scheme for projects that have a title other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
(6) Find the code for all funding schemes that are associated with projects titled anything other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
(7) Find the code for funding schemes where the project title is not "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".


Re-ranked choices:
12.620  What is the code of the funding scheme for projects that have a title other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
11.221  Find the funding scheme code for all projects that are not titled "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
11.221  What is the funding scheme code for projects that are not titled "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
11.221  Find the code for funding schemes where the project title is not "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
11.220  Find the code for all funding schemes that are used by projects with titles other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
11.217  Find the code for all funding schemes that are associated with projects titled anything other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".
9.822  What are the codes of all funding schemes that have been used for projects other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies"?
9.818  Find the codes for all funding schemes associated with projects that have titles other than "A Cognitive Detection System for Cybersecure Operational Technologies".

