SELECT eu_territorial_units.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS eu_territorial_units JOIN institutions AS institutions ON eu_territorial_units.geocode_regions = institutions.geocode_regions_3 WHERE institutions.acronym != "UR2"

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.geocode_level FROM eu_territorial_units AS T1 JOIN institutions AS T2 ON T1.geocode_regions = T2.geocode_regions_3 WHERE T2.acronym != "UR2"
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Which geocode level is associated with the institutions whose acronym is not "UR2"?
(1) Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table where the geocode regions match in both tables for all institutions except "UR2".
(2) Find the geocode level of European territorial units where their geocode regions match those of institutions, but exclude institutions with the acronym "UR2".
(3) Which geocode level is associated with EU territorial units for institutions where the acronym is not "UR2"?
(4) Find the geocode level of EU territorial units where the institutions' acronym is not "UR2" and their geocode regions match in both tables.
(5) Retrieve the geocode level for European Union territorial units where the geocode regions match those in institutions, excluding any results with an acronym of "UR2".
(6) What is the geographical code level associated with EU territorial units for institutions that have a geocode region 3 different from "UR2"?
(7) Find the geographic code level of all European territorial units that correspond to regions where institutions are located, excluding those with the acronym "UR2".


Re-ranked choices:
11.927  Find the geocode level of EU territorial units where the institutions' acronym is not "UR2" and their geocode regions match in both tables.
10.524  Retrieve the geocode level from the EU territorial units table where the geocode regions match in both tables for all institutions except "UR2".
10.524  Which geocode level is associated with EU territorial units for institutions where the acronym is not "UR2"?
10.522  Find the geocode level of European territorial units where their geocode regions match those of institutions, but exclude institutions with the acronym "UR2".
10.519  What is the geographical code level associated with EU territorial units for institutions that have a geocode region 3 different from "UR2"?
9.123  Retrieve the geocode level for European Union territorial units where the geocode regions match those in institutions, excluding any results with an acronym of "UR2".
9.119  Find the geographic code level of all European territorial units that correspond to regions where institutions are located, excluding those with the acronym "UR2".
6.332  Which geocode level is associated with the institutions whose acronym is not "UR2"?

