SELECT erc_research_domains.code FROM erc_research_domains AS erc_research_domains JOIN erc_panels AS erc_panels ON erc_research_domains.code = erc_panels.part_of JOIN project_erc_panels AS project_erc_panels ON erc_panels.code = project_erc_panels.panel JOIN projects AS projects ON project_erc_panels.project = projects.unics_id WHERE projects.objective != ""Carbon dioxide (CO2) is a potent greenhouse gas whose presence in the atmosphere is a critical factor for global warming. At the same time atmospheric CO2 is a cheap and readily available carbon source that can in principle be used for the synthesis of biomass/biofuels and value-added products. However, as synthetic chemistry lacks suitable catalysts to functionalize the CO2-molecule, there is an increasing need to exploit the CO2-fixing mechanisms offered by Nature for applications at the interface of chemistry and biology. This proposal is centered on reductive carboxylation, a completely novel principle of enzymatic CO2-fixation that we discovered only recently and that is one of the most efficient CO2-fixation reactions described in biology so far. First, we will focus on understanding the novel principle of reductive carboxylation, by studying its catalysis at molecular scale and single step resolution. This will allow us to derive the first detailed catalytic framework for highly efficient CO2-fixation and enable us to engineer novel carboxylation reactions and products. Second, we will establish a new in vitro platform for the assembly and optimization of artificial (""synthetic"") CO2-fixation pathways that are based on reductive carboxylation and that have been calculated to be kinetically and bioenergetically favored compared with naturally existing CO2-fixation pathways. This platform closes a long-standing gap between the theory and practice of synthetic pathway design, and will be used to develop the first functional in vitro module for CO2-fixation, a ""synthetic organelle"". Finally, we will realize synthetic CO2-fixation in selected biological model systems. To that end, we will implement the optimized in vitro pathways in isolated chloroplasts, as well as alpha-proteobacterial hosts to create novel CO2-fixing organelles and organisms, breaking new grounds in understanding and engineering biological systems for efficient CO2-fixation.""

###


Original Query:
SELECT T1.code FROM erc_research_domains AS T1 JOIN erc_panels AS T3 ON T1.code = T3.part_of JOIN project_erc_panels AS T4 ON T3.code = T4.panel JOIN projects AS T2 ON T4.project = T2.unics_id WHERE T2.objective != ""Carbon dioxide (CO2) is a potent greenhouse gas whose presence in the atmosphere is a critical factor for global warming. At the same time atmospheric CO2 is a cheap and readily available carbon source that can in principle be used for the synthesis of biomass/biofuels and value-added products. However, as synthetic chemistry lacks suitable catalysts to functionalize the CO2-molecule, there is an increasing need to exploit the CO2-fixing mechanisms offered by Nature for applications at the interface of chemistry and biology. This proposal is centered on reductive carboxylation, a completely novel principle of enzymatic CO2-fixation that we discovered only recently and that is one of the most efficient CO2-fixation reactions described in biology so far. First, we will focus on understanding the novel principle of reductive carboxylation, by studying its catalysis at molecular scale and single step resolution. This will allow us to derive the first detailed catalytic framework for highly efficient CO2-fixation and enable us to engineer novel carboxylation reactions and products. Second, we will establish a new in vitro platform for the assembly and optimization of artificial (""synthetic"") CO2-fixation pathways that are based on reductive carboxylation and that have been calculated to be kinetically and bioenergetically favored compared with naturally existing CO2-fixation pathways. This platform closes a long-standing gap between the theory and practice of synthetic pathway design, and will be used to develop the first functional in vitro module for CO2-fixation, a ""synthetic organelle"". Finally, we will realize synthetic CO2-fixation in selected biological model systems. To that end, we will implement the optimized in vitro pathways in isolated chloroplasts, as well as alpha-proteobacterial hosts to create novel CO2-fixing organelles and organisms, breaking new grounds in understanding and engineering biological systems for efficient CO2-fixation.""
GPT-3 choices:
(0) Find the code for the research domains that are a part of panels in projects where the objective is not empty, and join them with projects and panels.
(1) Find the research domains codes for projects that have an objective involving reductive carboxylation as a CO2-fixation mechanism, and use this information to study the catalysis and optimize synthetic pathways for artificial CO2-fixation in both isolated chloroplasts and alpha-proteobacterial hosts.
(2) Retrieve the research domain codes of ERC panels and projects where the objective is not empty, joining the ERC research domains table with the ERC panels and project ERC panel tables and filtering by projects where CO2-fixation is studied for potential use in synthesizing biomass/biofuels and value-added products.
(3) Retrieve the research domains associated with projects whose objectives involve utilizing carbon dioxide as a source for the synthesis of products, and then use this information to understand and engineer biological systems for efficient CO2-fixation.
(4) Retrieve the research domains code from the ERC research domains table where the panel code is part of the ERC panels table, which in turn are connected to projects through project-ERC panel relationships, and select only those codes for which there is a corresponding project objective that includes a description of carbon dioxide's role as a greenhouse gas and its potential use in producing biomass, biofuels, and other valuable products.
(5) Find the ERC research domain code for projects that have a non-empty objective and are focused on using atmospheric CO2 for the synthesis of biomass/biofuels and value-added products, with a specific emphasis on understanding reductive carboxylation, creating an in vitro platform to optimize synthetic pathways based on reductive carboxylation, and implementing these pathways in biological model systems.
(6) Retrieve the research domains that are part of an ERC panel, which is connected to a project and has an objective related to using CO2 for synthesis, in order to understand and engineer efficient biological systems for CO2 fixation.
(7) Get the code for the research domains that are part of panels that belong to projects with a stated objective, which is not an empty string, and have discovered a novel principle of reductive carboxylation for efficient CO2-fixation, plan to study its catalysis at molecular scale, establish an in vitro platform for optimizing synthetic CO2-fixation pathways based on this principle and implement them in chloroplasts and alpha-proteobacterial hosts to create new organelles and organisms.


Re-ranked choices:
30.108  Get the code for the research domains that are part of panels that belong to projects with a stated objective, which is not an empty string, and have discovered a novel principle of reductive carboxylation for efficient CO2-fixation, plan to study its catalysis at molecular scale, establish an in vitro platform for optimizing synthetic CO2-fixation pathways based on this principle and implement them in chloroplasts and alpha-proteobacterial hosts to create new organelles and organisms.
24.510  Find the ERC research domain code for projects that have a non-empty objective and are focused on using atmospheric CO2 for the synthesis of biomass/biofuels and value-added products, with a specific emphasis on understanding reductive carboxylation, creating an in vitro platform to optimize synthetic pathways based on reductive carboxylation, and implementing these pathways in biological model systems.
20.310  Retrieve the research domains code from the ERC research domains table where the panel code is part of the ERC panels table, which in turn are connected to projects through project-ERC panel relationships, and select only those codes for which there is a corresponding project objective that includes a description of carbon dioxide's role as a greenhouse gas and its potential use in producing biomass, biofuels, and other valuable products.
18.212  Find the research domains codes for projects that have an objective involving reductive carboxylation as a CO2-fixation mechanism, and use this information to study the catalysis and optimize synthetic pathways for artificial CO2-fixation in both isolated chloroplasts and alpha-proteobacterial hosts.
16.115  Retrieve the research domains that are part of an ERC panel, which is connected to a project and has an objective related to using CO2 for synthesis, in order to understand and engineer efficient biological systems for CO2 fixation.
15.414  Retrieve the research domains associated with projects whose objectives involve utilizing carbon dioxide as a source for the synthesis of products, and then use this information to understand and engineer biological systems for efficient CO2-fixation.
14.714  Retrieve the research domain codes of ERC panels and projects where the objective is not empty, joining the ERC research domains table with the ERC panels and project ERC panel tables and filtering by projects where CO2-fixation is studied for potential use in synthesizing biomass/biofuels and value-added products.
11.928  Find the code for the research domains that are a part of panels in projects where the objective is not empty, and join them with projects and panels.

